6+ females,
6+girls,
:d,
;d,
> <,
>_<,
alternate hairstyle,
alternative hairstyle,
ass,
ball,
bangs,
beach volleyball,
black eyes,
black hair,
blue background,
blunt bangs,
blunt ends,
blush,
bob cut,
bodily fluids,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown eyes,
character:gotou moyoko,
character:isobe noriko,
character:kadotani anzu,
character:konparu nozomi,
character:reizei mako,
character:sakaguchi karina,
character:sono midoriko,
character:utsugi yuuki,
cleavage,
closed eyes,
closed mouth,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white ribbon,
clothing:white school swimsuit,
clothing:white swimsuit,
covered navel,
creator:rrriborl,
creator:yabai gorilla,
creator:やばいゴリラ,
eyes closed,
face::d,
face:;d,
female,
food,
food in mouth,
frown,
gender:female,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hand holding,
head tilt,
holding,
holding ball,
holding food,
holding hands,
holding innertube,
holding object,
innertube,
leaning,
leaning forward,
leg up,
long hair,
looking at another,
looking back,
medium breasts,
medium:8:3 aspect ratio,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blue background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
one eye closed,
one-piece swimsuit,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
page:4,
parted lips,
pixiv work:77240857,
popsicle,
pushing,
raised leg,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
ribbon,
running,
school swimsuit,
series:girls und panzer,
shared innertube,
short hair,
shrug,
simple background,
sleeping,
sleeping upright,
small breasts,
smile,
stading,
standing,
standing on one leg,
stomach,
sukumizu,
sweat,
sweatdrop,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
tied hair,
title:ツイッター３,
transparent,
twintails,
w arms,
white one-piece swimsuit,
white ribbon,
white school swimsuit,
white sukumizu,
white swimsuit,
white tank suit,
wink,