3 females,
3girls,
:d,
;d,
ass,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blunt bangs,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
bracelet,
breasts,
bush,
butt crack,
character:lana (pokemon),
character:lillie (pokemon),
character:mallow (pokemon),
character:mao (pokemon),
character:shaymin,
character:shaymin (land),
character:suiren (pokemon),
character:trial captain,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:sandals,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thong,
covered nipples,
creator:ontaros,
dancer,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
dimples of venus,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::d,
face:;d,
feathers,
female,
flower,
footwear,
garrison cap,
gen 4 pokemon,
gender:female,
green eyes,
green hair,
groin,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
jewelry,
legendary pokemon,
legs,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
looking to the side,
low twintails,
medium:high resolution,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
midriff,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
mythical pokemon,
navel,
necklace,
nipples,
on head,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
pokemon (creature),
pokemon on head,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
samba,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (anime),
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sm,
series:pokemon sm (anime),
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon (anime),
series:pokémon sun & moon,
shiny,
shiny clothes,
shiny skin,
short hair,
small breasts,
smile,
source type:game,
species:legendary pokémon,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
species:shaymin,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swept bangs,
swimsuit,
thong,
tiara,
tied hair,
trial captain,
twintails,
underboob,
underwear,
v,
wink,
yellow eyes,