1 female,
1girl,
2019,
alternate hair color,
alternative hair color,
artist:ohnaka_ito,
ass,
bed,
book,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bottomwear,
breasts,
brick wall,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
butt,
character:grea (rage of bahamut),
character:grea (shingeki no bahamut),
character:grea_(shingeki_no_bahamut),
clothing,
clothing:panties,
clothing:plaid skirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white panties,
clothing:white underwear,
copyright:rage_of_bahamut,
creator:dragon tail,
creator:ohnaka ito,
creator:oonaka ito,
dragon girl,
dragon horns,
dragon tail,
dragon wings,
ears,
eyebrow through hair,
eyebrow_through_hair,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
furniture,
furry,
gender:female,
genre:monster girl,
hair,
horn,
horns,
humanoid pointy ears,
humanoid_pointy_ears,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
looking_at_viewer,
lying,
manaria friends,
meta:2019,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
monster girl,
on bed,
on stomach,
on_bed,
oonaka ito,
open book,
open_book,
panchira,
panties,
pantsu,
pantyshot,
pillow,
plaid,
plaid skirt,
point of view,
pointed ears,
pointy ears,
pov,
raised tail,
raised_tail,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red body,
red bottomwear,
red clothing,
red scales,
red skirt,
red_body,
red_bottomwear,
red_clothing,
red_scales,
red_skirt,
scales,
series:granblue fantasy,
series:manaria friends,
series:rage of bahamut,
series:shingeki no bahamut,
skirt,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:animal_humanoid,
species:dragon,
species:dragon humanoid,
species:dragon_humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mythical,
species:scalie,
species:scalie humanoid,
species:scalie_humanoid,
species:western dragon,
species:western dragon humanoid,
species:western_dragon,
species:western_dragon_humanoid,
tail,
translucent,
translucent hair,
translucent_hair,
underwear,
white panties,
white underwear,
white_panties,
wings,
year:2019,