3 females,
3girls,
:d,
:p,
adjusting clothes,
adjusting swimsuit,
ahoge,
ass,
beach,
bikini,
black one-piece swimsuit,
black school swimsuit,
black swimsuit,
blonde hair,
blue hair,
bodily fluids,
breasts,
character:akamatsu kaede,
character:iruma miu,
character:shirogane tsumugi,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:dgrp (minhduc12333),
creator:pixiv id 13674259,
day,
dgrp (minhduc12333),
face::d,
feet,
female,
floating hair,
garrison cap,
gender:female,
green eyes,
group,
hair between eyes,
hand on hip,
highleg,
highleg bikini,
highleg swimsuit,
large breasts,
lens flare,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:official style,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:official style,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
official style,
one-piece swimsuit,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
outdoors,
outside,
partially submerged,
pink bikini,
pink eyes,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
school swimsuit,
series:danganronpa,
series:danganronpa (series),
series:danganronpa v3: killing harmony,
series:new danganronpa v3,
shiny,
shiny hair,
side view,
sling swimsuit,
slingshot swimsuit,
smile,
soaking feet,
standing,
strapless,
strapless bikini,
strapless swimsuit,
sukumizu,
sunbeam,
sunlight,
sweat,
sweatdrop,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
tongue,
tongue out,
trio,
underboob,
very long hair,
wading,