2 females,
2girls,
> <,
>_<,
aqua eyes,
ass,
asymmetrical bangs,
asymmetrical hair,
bangs,
bikini,
black choker,
black hair,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
breasts,
brown hair,
character:gen 4 pokemon,
character:gloria (pokemon),
character:marnie (pokemon),
character:mary (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:pokemon species,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:rotom,
character:rotom phone,
character:tam o' shanter,
character:yuri (pokemon),
character:yuuri (pokemon),
choker,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:choker,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:user_rpmp7342,
creator:yamukyuu,
creator:やむ九,
embarrassed,
eyes closed,
feet,
female,
gen 4 pokemon,
gender:female,
genre:loli,
green headwear,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hat,
language:japanese,
loli,
looking at viewer,
medium hair,
medium:high resolution,
medium:japanese language,
medium:japanese text,
medium:speech bubble,
medium:text,
meta:commentary request,
meta:contentious content,
meta:highres,
meta:translation request,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
open mouth,
pokemon (creature),
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
rotom phone,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
small breasts,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
species:rotom,
speech bubble,
standing,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tam o' shanter,
text,
tied hair,
title:水着マリィ,
twintails,
yamukyuu,