6+ females,
6+girls,
absolutely everyone,
aliasing,
art,
artist:kisasage kouta,
asakura rikako,
bald eagle,
bamboo,
bamboo forest,
bird,
bishamonten's pagoda,
blonde hair,
booru:atfbooru.ninja,
bunny,
character:aki minoriko,
character:aki shizuha,
character:alice margatroid,
character:alice margatroid (pc-98),
character:asakura rikako,
character:chen,
character:cirno,
character:daiyousei,
character:elis (touhou),
character:ellen,
character:ellen (touhou),
character:elly,
character:elly (touhou),
character:evil eye sigma,
character:flandre scarlet,
character:fujiwara no mokou,
character:futatsuiwa mamizou,
character:gengetsu,
character:gengetsu (touhou),
character:genjii (touhou),
character:giant catfish,
character:hakurei reimu,
character:hakurei reimu (pc-98),
character:hata no kokoro,
character:hieda no akyuu,
character:hijiri byakuren,
character:himekaidou hatate,
character:hinanawi tenshi,
character:hisou tensoku,
character:hong meiling,
character:hoshiguma yuugi,
character:houjuu nue,
character:houraisan kaguya,
character:ibaraki kasen,
character:ibuki suika,
character:imaizumi kagerou,
character:inaba mob (touhou),
character:inaba tewi,
character:inubashiri momiji,
character:izayoi sakuya,
character:kaenbyou rin,
character:kagiyama hina,
character:kaku seiga,
character:kamishirasawa keine,
character:kana anaberal,
character:kasodani kyouko,
character:kawashiro nitori,
character:kazami yuuka,
character:kikuri (touhou),
character:kirisame marisa,
character:kirisame marisa (pc-98),
character:kisume,
character:kitashirakawa chiyuri,
character:koakuma,
character:kochiya sanae,
character:komeiji koishi,
character:komeiji satori,
character:konngara,
character:konngara (touhou),
character:konpaku youmu,
character:kotohime,
character:kotohime (touhou),
character:kumoi ichirin,
character:kurodani yamame,
character:kurumi (touhou),
character:letty whiterock,
character:lily black,
character:lily white,
character:louise (touhou),
character:luize,
character:luna child,
character:lunasa prismriver,
character:lyrica prismriver,
character:mai (touhou),
character:maribel hearn,
character:medicine melancholy,
character:meira,
character:meira (touhou),
character:merlin prismriver,
character:mima,
character:mima (touhou),
character:mimi-chan,
character:miyako yoshika,
character:mizuhashi parsee,
character:mononobe no futo,
character:morichika rinnosuke,
character:moriya suwako,
character:motoori kosuzu,
character:mugetsu,
character:mugetsu (touhou),
character:murasa minamitsu,
character:mystia lorelei,
character:nagae iku,
character:namazu,
character:nazrin,
character:okazaki yumemi,
character:onozuka komachi,
character:orange (touhou),
character:patchouli knowledge,
character:reisen,
character:reisen (touhou bougetsushou),
character:reisen udongein inaba,
character:reiuji utsuho,
character:remilia scarlet,
character:rika (touhou),
character:rumia,
character:ruukoto,
character:saigyouji yuyuko,
character:sara (touhou),
character:sariel,
character:sariel (touhou),
character:sekibanki,
character:shameimaru aya,
character:shanghai doll,
character:shiki eiki,
character:shingyoku,
character:shingyoku (female),
character:shingyoku (male),
character:shingyoku (touhou),
character:shinki,
character:shinki (touhou),
character:soga no tojiko,
character:star sapphire,
character:sunny milk,
character:tatara kogasa,
character:tokiko (touhou),
character:toramaru shou,
character:toyosatomimi no miko,
character:unzan,
character:usami renko,
character:wakasagihime,
character:watatsuki no toyohime,
character:watatsuki no yorihime,
character:wriggle nightbug,
character:yagokoro eirin,
character:yakumo chen,
character:yakumo ran,
character:yakumo yukari,
character:yasaka kanako,
character:yuki (touhou),
character:yumeko,
character:yumeko (touhou),
character:yuugenmagan,
character:zombie fairy,
character:zombie fairy (touhou),
copyright:touhou (pc-98),
creator:kisasage kouta,
creator:map,
creator:muyue mitsudou,
disembodied head,
eagle,
elis (touhou),
ellen,
elly,
english,
english text,
engrish,
engrish text,
everyone,
evil eye sigma,
filename:__aki_minoriko_aki_shizuha_alice_margatroid_alice_margatroid_asakura_rikako_and_others_touhou_and_touhou_pc_98_drawn_by_kisasage_kouta__97c52f9a124d6c408802f574067aa9a2,
flower,
forest,
frog,
gender:female,
gengetsu,
gensokyo,
gensoukyou,
giant catfish,
hakurei reimu (pc-98),
highres,
hisou tensoku,
human village (touhou),
kamishirasawa keine,
kana anaberal,
kikuri (touhou),
kirisame marisa (pc-98),
kisasage kouta,
kitashirakawa chiyuri,
konngara,
kotohime,
kurumi (touhou),
landscape,
language:english,
lily black,
lily white,
loli,
luize,
mai (touhou),
map,
map (object),
maribel hearn,
medium:2d art,
medium:digital media,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:pixel artwork,
medium:text,
meira,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:pixel art,
mima,
mimi-chan,
moon,
mugetsu,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
nagae iku,
nature,
observatory,
okazaki yumemi,
onbashira,
onozuka komachi,
orange (touhou),
palanquin ship,
pixel art,
rabbit,
ranguage,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
reisen,
rika (touhou),
river,
rocket,
rocket ship,
ruukoto,
sara (touhou),
sariel,
scarlet devil mansion,
sekibanki,
series:pixel art,
series:scarlet devil mansion,
series:touhou,
series:touhou (pc-98),
shanghai doll,
shingyoku,
shingyoku (male),
shinki,
soga no tojiko,
space craft,
spacecraft,
species:avian,
species:bird,
species:lagomorph,
species:mammal,
species:rabbit,
sumiyoshi rocket,
sunflower,
sunny milk,
tatara kogasa,
text,
tokiko (touhou),
torii,
touhou (pc-98),
ufo,
usami renko,
village,
wakasagihime,
watatsuki no toyohime,
watatsuki no yorihime,
water,
waterfall,
yuki (touhou),
yumeko,
yuugenmagan,
zombie fairy,