1 female,
1girl,
arms up,
bangs,
bikini,
bikini under clothes,
black skirt,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue bikini,
blue kimono,
blush,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
border,
breasts,
brown eyes,
character:souryuu (warship girls r),
cleavage,
clothes lift,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black skirt,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:japanese clothes,
clothing:kimono,
clothing:miniskirt,
clothing:pantyhose,
clothing:pleated skirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white border,
clothing:white legwear,
cowboy shot,
creator:20206340,
creator:cyanide-whale,
creator:gei daipf,
creator:氰鲸鱼_daipf,
female,
frilled bikini,
frills,
gei daipf,
gender:female,
hair ornament,
half naked,
high resolution,
japanese clothes,
kimono,
kimono lift,
long sleeves,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:border,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:high resolution,
medium:pink background,
medium:signature,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white border,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
miniskirt,
navel,
open clothes,
open fly,
open skirt,
outside border,
page:2,
pantyhose,
pink background,
pixiv work:77931647,
pleated skirt,
point of view,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
series:kantai collection,
series:warship girls,
series:warship girls r,
short hair,
shuriken hair ornament,
signature,
simple background,
skirt,
solo,
souryuu (warship girls r),
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
title:苍龙,
underboob,
underwear,
undressing,
unzipped,
very high resolution,
wafuku,
warship girls,
warship girls r,
white border,
white legwear,
white pantyhose,
おっぱい,
お腹,
下乳,
下着,
半脱ぎ,
战舰少女,
戦艦少女,
指を突っ込みたいへそ,
蒼龍(戦艦少女),
魅惑の谷間,