00s,
6+ females,
6+girls,
:p,
action:closing eyes,
action:open mouth,
action:smile,
ahoge,
arms behind back,
art:landscape,
backpack,
bag,
black hair,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
bodypart:black hair,
bodypart:blonde hair,
bodypart:blue eyes,
bodypart:blue hair,
bodypart:brown hair,
bodypart:cowlick,
bodypart:green eyes,
bodypart:green hair,
bodypart:long hair,
bodypart:pink eyes,
bodypart:pink hair,
bodypart:purple eyes,
bodypart:purple hair,
bodypart:red eyes,
bodypart:red hair,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:tongue,
bodypart:tsurime eyes,
bodypart:very long hair,
bodypart:yellow eyes,
bow,
brown hair,
camera,
character:hiiragi kagami,
character:hiiragi tsukasa,
character:iwasaki minami,
character:izumi konata,
character:kobayakawa yutaka,
character:kusakabe misao,
character:minegishi ayano,
character:patricia martin,
character:takara miyuki,
character:tamura hiyori,
cherry blossoms,
closed eyes,
clothing:bag,
clothing:bow,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:glasses,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:knee-high legwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:pants,
clothing:pantyhose,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:socks,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:thigh-highs,
creator:isou nagi,
creator:isounagi,
creator:いそう凪,
everyone,
eyes closed,
eyewear,
face:0_<,
face::p,
female:2+,
female:6+,
filename:__hiiragi_kagami_hiiragi_tsukasa_iwasaki_minami_izumi_konata_kobayakawa_yutaka_and_others_lucky_star_drawn_by_isou_nagi__f85fc19f5b05bb2967986a5feec55794,
garrison cap,
gender:female,
glasses,
green eyes,
green hair,
hair bow,
hair ribbon,
hairband,
hanami,
handbag,
izumi konata,
jacket,
kneehighs,
kobayakawa yutaka,
kusakabe misao,
landscape,
long hair,
medium:2000s,
medium:high resolution,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:wallpaper,
mole,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
nature,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
p,
pants,
pantyhose,
patricia martin,
picnic basket,
pink eyes,
pink hair,
pixiv profile:142625,
pixiv work:9895831,
plaid,
pointing,
purple eyes,
purple hair,
purse,
randoseru,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
red hair,
ribbon,
ribbons,
scenery,
scenic,
series:lucky star,
short hair,
siblings,
sisters,
skirt,
smile,
socks,
striped,
tareme,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
title:さくら☆まつり,
tongue,
tongue out,
tree,
tsurime,
twins,
twintails,
very long hair,
wallpaper,
wink,
year:00s,
yellow eyes,