1 female,
1girl,
2 tails,
alternate costume,
alternate hairstyle,
alternate_costume,
alternate_hairstyle,
alternative costume,
alternative hairstyle,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
animal print,
animal tail,
animal_ear_fluff,
animal_ears,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
bare_shoulders,
black panties,
black underwear,
black_panties,
bow,
bowtie,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
brown_eyes,
brown_hair,
cat ears,
cat tail,
cat_ears,
cat_tail,
category:ine,
character:chen,
character:nekomata,
china dress,
china_dress,
chinese clothes,
chinese_clothes,
clothing,
clothing:black panties,
clothing:black underwear,
clothing:china dress,
clothing:detached sleeves,
clothing:dress,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:neck ribbon,
clothing:panties,
clothing:red dress,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:side-tie panties,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white neckwear,
clothing:white ribbon,
copyright:touhou,
covered navel,
covered_navel,
cowboy shot,
cowboy_shot,
creator:imyme_maro,
creator:marota,
detached sleeves,
detached_sleeves,
double bun,
double_bun,
dress,
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyebrows_visible_through_hair,
female,
female only,
female solo,
gender:female,
green ribbon,
green_ribbon,
grey background,
grey_background,
groin,
hair between eyes,
hair bun,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hair_between_eyes,
hair_bun,
hair_ribbon,
long sleeves,
long_sleeves,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:grey background,
medium:simple background,
medium:traditional media,
meta:commentary request,
meta:commentary_request,
meta:traditional media,
multiple tails,
multiple_tails,
navel,
neck ribbon,
neck_ribbon,
nekomata,
nekomimi,
no hat,
no headwear,
no_hat,
no_headwear,
panties,
pantsu,
paw print,
paw_print,
pelvic curtain,
pelvic_curtain,
point of view,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red dress,
red_dress,
ribbon,
series:touhou,
series:touhou project,
short hair,
short_hair,
side-tie,
side-tie panties,
side-tie_panties,
sleeves past fingers,
sleeves past wrists,
sleeves_past_fingers,
sleeves_past_wrists,
small breasts,
small_breasts,
smile,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
tail,
traditional media,
traditional_media,
two tails,
two_tails,
underwear,
white bow,
white bowtie,
white neckwear,
white ribbon,
white_bow,
white_bowtie,
white_ribbon,
wide sleeves,
wide_sleeves,