1 female,
1girl,
:d,
ahoge,
art,
ass,
asymmetrical hair,
asymmetrical hairstyle,
bangs,
beach,
bird,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue sky,
blue swimsuit,
blush,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/cd/1f/cd1f69b9c0b791d36bb61afafe2dca38.png?e=1648960047&expires=1648960047&m=htowfoziet-ko6y_lxlkya&token=dyvfn9kecenwy3dxmhpg9dajaofovskv4yxmvglc3ou,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/cd/1f/cd1f69b9c0b791d36bb61afafe2dca38.png?e=1656754374&expires=1656754374&m=mf7i_dz82iwztuszgttptw&token=3zket77h1tg724ebh4pfr5sahs_bhspyx7bd18eahke,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown eyes,
character:haru estia,
clothing,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:red neckwear,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:sailor uniform,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:wet clothes,
clothing:white legwear,
creator:pixiv id 3588301,
creator:rainmaker,
creator:teapic,
day,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::d,
female,
female only,
female solo,
finger on trigger,
floating hair,
footwear,
gender:female,
happy,
haru estia,
holding,
holding water gun,
leg up,
legwear,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
low ponytail,
medium breasts,
medium:official art,
medium:watermark,
meta:commentary request,
meta:official art,
meta:pixiv-import,
meta:watermark,
neckerchief,
ocean,
old school swimsuit,
one-piece swimsuit,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
outdoors,
outside,
page:2,
pixiv id 3588301,
point of view,
ponytail,
pov,
raised leg,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red neckerchief,
red neckwear,
running,
sailor collar,
sailor uniform,
sand,
school swimsuit,
school uniform,
schoolgirl uniform,
scrunchie,
seagull,
see-through,
see-through clothing,
serafuku,
series:soul worker,
shoes,
short sleeves,
side ponytail,
sky,
smile,
solo,
soulworker,
species:avian,
species:bird,
species:seagull,
stading,
standing,
standing on one leg,
starfish,
sukumizu,
sunlight,
swimsuit,
swimsuit under clothes,
swimwear,
tank suit,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
title:soulworker-スクール水着,
toy,
transparent clothes,
transparent clothing,
uniform,
water,
water drop,
water gun,
watermark,
weapon,
wet,
wet clothes,
white footwear,
white hair ornament,
white legwear,
white scrunchie,
wrist scrunchie,
wristband,
スク水ニーソ,
ステラ・ユニベル,
セラスク,
ソウルワーカー,
ソウルワーカー1000users入り,
尻神様,
透けへそ,
소울워커,