ambiguous gender,
ambiguous_gender,
armor,
artist:miyasumi,
booru:e621,
character:ancient dragon,
character:ancient_dragon,
character:covetous demon,
character:covetous_demon,
character:crystal lizard,
character:dragon riders,
character:dragon_riders,
character:flexile sentry,
character:flexile_sentry,
character:looking glass knight,
character:looking_glass_knight,
character:mytha,
character:royal rat authority,
character:royal rat vanguard,
character:royal_rat_authority,
character:royal_rat_vanguard,
character:ruin sentinels,
character:ruin_sentinels,
character:scorpioness najka,
character:scorpioness_najka,
character:smelter demon,
character:smelter_demon,
character:the last giant,
character:the pursuer,
character:the_last_giant,
character:the_pursuer,
clothing:armor,
copyright:dark_souls,
copyright:fromsoftware,
creator:miyasumi,
feathered wings,
feathered_wings,
feathers,
female,
furry,
gender:ambiguous,
gender:ambiguous gender,
gender:female,
green eyes,
green_eyes,
group,
headless,
japanese text,
language:japanese,
medium:japanese text,
medium:simple background,
medium:text,
medium:wallpaper,
melee weapon,
melee_weapon,
membrane (anatomy),
membrane_(anatomy),
membranous wings,
membranous_wings,
meta:japanese text,
meta:japanese_text,
meta:wallpaper,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
red_eyes,
series:dark souls,
series:dark souls 2,
series:dark souls ii,
series:fromsoftware,
shield,
simple background,
simple_background,
species:arachnid,
species:arachnid taur,
species:arachnid_taur,
species:arthropod,
species:arthropod taur,
species:arthropod_taur,
species:avian,
species:bird,
species:canid,
species:canine,
species:canis,
species:corvid,
species:corvus (genus),
species:corvus_(genus),
species:crow,
species:crystal lizard,
species:crystal_lizard,
species:cyclops,
species:demon,
species:dragon,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:monster,
species:murid,
species:murine,
species:mythical,
species:ogre,
species:oscine,
species:passerine,
species:rat,
species:rodent,
species:scalie,
species:scorpion,
species:scorpion taur,
species:scorpion_taur,
species:taur,
species:undead,
species:wolf,
studio:from software,
sword,
tag source:e621,
teeth,
text,
tongue,
tongue out,
tongue_out,
video games,
video_games,
wallpaper,
weapon,
wings,