2 females,
2girls,
autumn leaves,
black footwear,
black gloves,
black legwear,
black-framed eyewear,
blonde hair,
blouse,
blue one-piece swimsuit,
blue shirt,
blue sky,
blue swimsuit,
blue-tinted eyewear,
blue-tinted glasses,
boots,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
brown jacket,
camera,
closed mouth,
clothes removed,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:black gloves,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:blue shirt,
clothing:boots,
clothing:dress shirt,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:frilled skirt,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:grey skirt,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:miniskirt,
clothing:pleated skirt,
clothing:red neckwear,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:sunglasses,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:white shirt,
cloud,
cloudy sky,
creator:mikeran (mikelan),
day,
dilapidated,
dress shirt,
dutch angle,
english text,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyewear,
footwear,
frilled skirt,
frills,
gender:female,
gloves,
grass,
green scrunchie,
grey skirt,
ground vehicle,
hair ornament,
hair scrunchie,
hair tie,
headwear,
headwear removed,
helmet,
helmet removed,
holding,
holding camera,
holding helmet,
holding object,
ivy,
jacket,
kawasaki,
kawasaki kdx125,
language:english,
leaf,
logo,
long hair,
long sleeves,
looking at viewer,
looking over eyewear,
looking over glasses,
maple leaf,
medium hair,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:text,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:partial commentary,
mikeran (mikelan),
miniskirt,
motor vehicle,
motorcycle,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
neckerchief,
nissan,
open mouth,
outdoors,
outside,
pickup truck,
pleated skirt,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red neckerchief,
red neckwear,
school uniform,
scrunchie,
series:kawasaki,
series:nissan,
series:original,
shirt,
single horizontal stripe,
single stripe,
skirt,
sky,
smile,
smirk,
squatting,
sunglasses,
swimsuit,
text,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
tinted eyewear,
tree,
truck,
uniform,
v,
v-neck,
v-shaped eyebrows,
vehicle,
white shirt,
wing collar,
yamaha serow,