1 female,
1girl,
ahoge,
alternate hairstyle,
alternative hairstyle,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare belly,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
blue hair,
blue nails,
blunt bangs,
blurry,
blurry background,
blurry foreground,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
booru:yande.re,
bow,
bow bikini,
bow bra,
bow panties,
bra,
braid,
braid (braids),
breasts,
character:minato aqua,
clavicle,
cleavage,
closed mouth,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
clothing:yellow bow,
collarbone,
colored nails,
cowboy shot,
creator:higashigure,
creator:pixiv id 8521905,
creator:yuzhno0217,
creator:東暮,
creator:東暮 higashigure,
depth of field,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyelashes,
female,
female only,
female solo,
frilled bikini,
frilled swimsuit,
frills,
fringe,
gender:female,
genre:virtual youtuber,
girl,
gluteal fold,
hair bun,
hair bun (hair buns),
hair up,
hands up,
higashigure,
highres,
large breasts,
legs together,
light erotic,
lingerie,
looking at viewer,
medium breasts,
medium:blurry background,
medium:blurry foreground,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:depth of field,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:two-tone background,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multicolored hair,
nail polish,
navel,
panties,
payot,
pink eyes,
pink hair,
pixiv id 8521905,
plant (plants),
pov,
purple eyes,
purple hair,
rating:adult,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
ribbon,
series:aqua ch.,
series:hololive,
series:virtual youtuber,
shiny,
shiny hair,
short hair,
sidelocks,
single,
single hair bun,
site:anime-pictures.net,
skindentation,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
strap gap,
streaked hair,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
tall image,
thigh gap,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:湊あくあ,
two tone hair,
two-tone background,
two-tone hair,
underwear,
underwear only,
virtual youtuber,
vtuber,
wavy mouth,
white bikini,
white bra,
white panties,
white swimsuit,
window,
yellow bow,
yellow ribbon,
バーチャルyoutuber,
バーチャルyoutuber1000users入り,
ホロライブ,
マニキュア,
剥ぎ取りたいパンツ,
水着,
湊あくあ,
魅惑の谷間,