1 female,
1girl,
akatsuki uni,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
ass_visible_through_thighs,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
bare_shoulders,
bikini,
black bikini,
black bikini bottom,
black bikini top,
black swimsuit,
black_bikini,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blonde_hair,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:akatsuki uni,
character:akatsuki yuni,
character:akatsuki_uni,
clavicle,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini bottom,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:micro bikini,
clothing:striped bikini,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
collarbone,
creator:fuji yoshida,
creator:fuji_yosh,
creator:fuji_yoshida,
creator:pixiv id 5616971,
creator:藤吉田,
crossed arms,
crossed_arms,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyebrows_visible_through_hair,
fang,
fangs,
female,
gender:female,
gluteal fold,
hair ornament,
hair_ornament,
hairclip,
loli,
long hair,
long_hair,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
meta:contentious content,
meta:highres,
micro bikini,
micro_bikini,
navel,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
parted bangs,
parted_bangs,
pixiv profile:5616971,
pixiv work:77162088,
purple eyes,
purple_eyes,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
series:uni channel,
series:uni create,
series:uni_create,
series:virtual youtuber,
simple background,
simple_background,
skin fang,
skin_fang,
small breasts,
small_breasts,
solo,
stomach,
striped,
striped bikini,
striped swimsuit,
swimsuit,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:今日はマイクロビキニの日(大嘘),
twintails,
two side up,
two_side_up,
unichannel,
virtual youtuber,
virtual_youtuber,