1 female,
1girl,
ahoge,
aqua eyes,
armpits,
arms behind head,
arms up,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
bewitching thighs,
bikini,
blue skirt,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
breasts,
character:kochiya sanae,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothes pull,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue skirt,
clothing:detached sleeves,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
clothing:white shirt,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
creator:taki sandstone,
creator:tksand,
creator:tksand_tomika,
creator:user_kszz4387,
detached sleeves,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
frog hair ornament,
gender:female,
gluteal fold,
green hair,
groin,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hair tubes,
large breasts,
long hair,
long sleeves,
looking at viewer,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:artist request,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
navel,
open clothes,
open shirt,
pixiv work:76560437,
plump cleavage,
polka dot bikini,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
series:touhou,
series:touhou project,
shirt,
side-tie bikini,
sidelocks,
simple background,
skirt,
skirt pull,
smile,
snake hair ornament,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
taki sandstone,
thighs,
title:巫女服の下が水着な早苗さん,
very long hair,
white background,
white bikini,
white shirt,
white swimsuit,
さなぱい,
信仰ホイホイ,
挟まれたい谷間,
挟まれたい谷間/魅惑の谷間,
撫で回したいお腹,
東方,
東方project1000users入り,
東方project3000users入り,
東方紐水着,
東風谷早苗,
水着,
腋巫女,
腋見せのポーズ,
魅惑のふともも,
魅惑の谷間,