1 female,
1girl,
adjusting hat,
ahoge,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
arm up,
bangs,
bathing,
bathroom,
bent knee (knees),
beret,
blue one-piece swimsuit,
blue sailor collar,
blue swimsuit,
blush,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:safebooru,
brown eyes,
bunny ears,
carrot,
character:tomari mari,
character:tomari_mari,
closed mouth,
clothing:beret,
clothing:blue sailor collar,
clothing:bunny ears,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:red neckwear,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:sailor uniform,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:wet clothes,
clothing:white shirt,
covered navel,
creator:mashimashima0710,
creator:mashiro aa,
creator:mashiro_aa,
creator:ましろ.あー。＠お仕事募集中,
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
floating hair,
fringe,
gender:female,
girl,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hair:pink hair,
hat,
headwear,
heart,
heart hair ornament,
indoors,
inside,
knees together feet apart,
light erotic,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
low twintails,
medium:high resolution,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
navel,
necktie,
old school swimsuit,
old_school_swimsuit,
one-piece swimsuit,
payot,
pink hair,
rabbit ears,
rating:adult,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
red neckwear,
sailor collar,
sailor school swimsuit,
school swimsuit,
school uniform,
schoolgirl uniform,
see-through,
serafuku,
series:tomari mari channel,
series:tomari_mari_channel,
series:virtual youtuber,
shirt,
short eyebrows,
short sleeves,
shower,
shower head,
single,
site:anime-pictures.net,
sitting,
smile,
solo,
steam,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimsuit under clothes,
swimwear,
tall image,
thick eyebrows,
tied hair,
tile floor,
tiles,
title:6月のうさちゃん,
tomari mari,
tomari mari channel,
twin tails,
twintails,
uniform,
vegetable,
very long hair,
virtual youtuber,
virtual_youtuber,
wet,
wet clothes,
wet shirt,
wet_shirt,
white headwear,
white shirt,
white_headwear,
シャワー,
セラスク,
バーチャルyoutuber,
兎鞠まり,