1 female,
1girl,
ass,
badge,
bag,
black eyes,
black hair,
blue sailor collar,
blue skirt,
booru:gelbooru,
breasts,
character:murasame (lvi),
classysexy,
closed mouth,
clothing:blue sailor collar,
clothing:blue skirt,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:panties,
clothing:pleated skirt,
clothing:red swimsuit,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:white panties,
clothing:white ribbon,
clothing:white underwear,
competition swimsuit,
cowboy shot,
creator:101223-002,
creator:lvi,
creator:lvi＠新刊発売中,
dark skin,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
from behind,
gender:female,
goggles,
hair between eyes,
headgear removed,
highleg,
highleg leotard,
holding,
holding goggles,
leotard,
long hair,
long sleeves,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium hair,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:multiple views,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:md5 mismatch,
meta:original character,
meta:resolution mismatch,
meta:revision,
meta:source larger,
meta:translated,
meta:translation request,
multiple views,
one-piece swimsuit,
panties,
pantyshot,
pixiv id:5180389,
pixiv work:69298051,
pleated skirt,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red swimsuit,
ribbon,
sailor collar,
school bag,
school uniform,
series:original,
shirt,
skirt,
sleeve cuffs,
small breasts,
standing,
swim cap,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tan,
tanned,
tied hair,
title:水泳部の村雨さん,
underwear,
uniform,
wedgie,
white panties,
white ribbon,
white shirt,
white underwear,
オリジナル,
ハイレグ,
ポニテ,
ポニーテール,
尻神様,
競泳水着,
褐色,