1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
:d,
alternate outfit,
alternate_outfit,
bare arms,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
bikini,
blue background,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:mallow (pokemon),
character:mao (pokemon),
character:matsurika (pokemon),
character:mei (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:trial captain,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
creator:lamb,
creator:lamb-oic029,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
face::d,
feet,
female,
female only,
female_only,
flower,
full body,
gender:female,
green bikini,
green eyes,
green hair,
green_hair,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hairband,
human,
human only,
human_only,
humans of pokemon,
lamb-oic029,
legs,
loli face,
long hair,
long twintails,
long_twintails,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
mallow_(pokemon),
mao,
matching hair and eye color,
matching hair/eyes,
matsurika,
medium breasts,
medium:blue background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:uncensored,
medium:white background,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:commentary request,
meta:explicit content,
meta:high resolution,
meta:highres,
meta:uncensored,
navel,
open mouth,
page:3,
point of view,
pokemon,
pokemon_sm,
pov,
r-18,
rating:adult,
rating:explicit,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sm,
series:pokemon sun & moon,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sun & moon,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
simple background,
site:rule34,
smile,
solo,
species:human,
species:mammal,
standing,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
teeth,
tied hair,
trial captain,
twintails,
upper teeth,
upper teeth only,
white background,
ポケモン,
ポケモン1000users入り,
マオ,
マオ(トレーナー),
マツリカ,
マツリカ(ポケモン),
メイ,
メイ(トレーナー),
裸足,