1 female,
1 male,
1girl,
4:3,
2014,
action:looking at viewer,
animal ears,
animal tail,
artist:tachimi (basue),
ass,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blue fire,
blush,
blushing cheeks,
bodypart:animal ears,
bodypart:animal tail,
bodypart:ass,
bodypart:blonde hair,
bodypart:blue eyes,
bodypart:blushing cheeks,
bodypart:ears,
bodypart:fox ears,
bodypart:fox tail,
bodypart:loli body type,
bodypart:long hair,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:tail,
bodypart:wide hips,
booru:nijie.info,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
bottomless,
butt visible from the front,
character:hitodama,
character:original character,
child,
cleft of venus,
clipstudiopaint,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:panties,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:t-shirt,
clothing:tagme,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white panties,
clothing:white underwear,
copyright:original,
creator:basue,
creator:tachimi,
creator:tachimi (basue),
creator:お風呂,
creator:たちみ,
curtains,
dutch angle,
ears,
emotion:joy,
female,
female:1,
filename:24e768a2e872aed3d5f6266c1ba8e42d.jpg,
fire,
fox ears,
fox girl,
fox tail,
foxgirl,
frown,
gender:female,
gender:male,
gluteal fold,
hi res,
high resolution,
hips,
hitodama,
indoors,
inside,
joy,
kitsune,
kitsunemimi,
loli,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
male:1,
medium:2d art,
medium:4:3 aspect ratio,
medium:dutch angle,
medium:high resolution,
meta:4:3,
meta:2014,
meta:commentary request,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:original character,
night,
no pants,
original character,
panties,
pantsu,
panty shot,
pillow,
pixiv work:46572764,
point of view,
pov,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rubbing eyes,
series:clip studio paint,
series:original,
shirt,
short hair,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:fox,
species:fox humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:kitsune,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mythical,
studio:kitsune,
t-shirt,
tail,
thigh gap,
title:狐のよばい,
topwear,
trefoil,
underwear,
website:nijie.info,
website:sankaku channel,
website:yande.re,
wide hips,
will-o-wisp,
window,
year:2014,
young,
お風呂,
すじ,
ぱんつ,
オリジナル,
ケモ耳,
ラバーダック,
ロリ,
前から見えるお尻,
尻尾,
狐娘,
獣耳,