1 female,
1girl,
absurdres,
armpits,
arms up,
arms_up,
armwear,
black coat,
black swimsuit,
black_coat,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blonde_hair,
blurry,
blurry background,
blurry_background,
blush,
booru:atfbooru.ninja,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
character:emma august,
character:emma_august,
clothing,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
coat,
covered navel,
covered_navel,
creator:kio (yumekuikio),
creator:kio_(yumekuikio),
creator:pixiv id 4399542,
creator:utsusumi kio,
creator:yumekuikio,
creator:キオ,
creator:空住キオ,
demon horns,
demon_horns,
ears,
elbow gloves,
elbow_gloves,
emma august,
emma august (channel),
female,
female only,
flat chest,
gender:female,
gloves,
hair between eyes,
hair_between_eyes,
highres,
horns,
jacket,
jacket on shoulders,
jacket_on_shoulders,
loli,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blurry background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:contentious content,
meta:copyright request,
meta:highres,
navel,
old school swimsuit,
old_school_swimsuit,
one-piece swimsuit,
page:1,
pettanko,
pixiv id 4399542,
pixiv profile:4399542,
pixiv work:77854247,
platinum blonde hair,
platinum_blonde_hair,
point of view,
pointed ears,
pointy ears,
pointy_ears,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:explicit,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
school swimsuit,
school_swimsuit,
series:copyright request,
series:emma august (channel),
series:nijisanji,
series:virtual youtuber,
silver hair,
smile,
solo,
stomach,
sukumizu,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tagme:series,
tank suit,
title:まおうとかあげ忘れてたの,
virtual youtuber,
virtual_youtuber,
vtuber,
white gloves,
white hair,
white_gloves,
yellow eyes,
yellow_eyes,
えま★おうがすと,
にじさんじ,
にじさんじスク水部,
スク水,
バーチャルyoutuber,
バーチャルyoutuber1000users入り,
星川サラ,
赤月ゆに,