4 females,
4girls,
5girls,
6+ males,
6+boys,
ahoge,
alolan form,
aqua eyes,
arms behind back,
artist name,
backpack,
bag,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
baseball cap,
beard,
black footwear,
black hair,
black legwear,
black one-piece swimsuit,
black pants,
black shirt,
black socks,
black swimsuit,
blonde hair,
blue background,
blue eyes,
blue footwear,
blue hair,
blue pants,
blue sailor collar,
blue shirt,
blue sky,
blush,
blush stickers,
booru:danbooru,
bracelet,
braid,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
brown pants,
character:alolan vulpix,
character:ash ketchum,
character:bewear,
character:burnet (pokemon),
character:eevee,
character:gladio (pokemon),
character:gladion (pokemon),
character:hau (pokemon),
character:kaki (pokemon),
character:kiawe (pokemon),
character:kukui (pokemon),
character:lana (pokemon),
character:lillie (pokemon),
character:mallow (pokemon),
character:mamane (pokemon),
character:mao (pokemon),
character:meltan,
character:pikachu,
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:rotom,
character:rotom dex,
character:rowlet,
character:satoshi (pokemon),
character:sophocles (pokemon),
character:stufful,
character:suiren (pokemon),
character:togedemaru,
character:trial captain,
character:tsareena,
character:turtonator,
character:vulpix,
clenched hands,
closed mouth,
clothing:baseball cap,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:black pants,
clothing:blue sailor collar,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:coat,
clothing:dress,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:knee-high legwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:overalls,
clothing:pants,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:sandals,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:striped shirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:torn clothes,
clothing:white dress,
clothing:white footwear,
clothing:white legwear,
clothing:white shirt,
cloud,
coat,
collarbone,
creator:jandara rin,
crossed arms,
dark skin,
dark skinned male,
dark-skinned male,
day,
dress,
ear piercing,
everyone,
facial hair,
facial piercing,
flat chest,
floating,
flower,
flying,
footwear,
full body,
gen 1 pokemon,
gen 4 pokemon,
gen 7 pokemon,
gender:female,
gender:male,
green footwear,
green hair,
green hairband,
grey pants,
grey shirt,
hair bun,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hair over one eye,
hair tie,
hairband,
happy,
hat,
heel up,
holding,
jewelry,
jumping,
knee highs,
kneehighs,
labcoat,
leg up,
legendary pokemon,
leggings,
light blush,
long hair,
looking to the side,
male:dark skin,
matching hair/eyes,
medium:artist name,
medium:blue background,
medium:high resolution,
meta:artist name,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multicolored hair,
multiple boys,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple males,
mythical pokemon,
navel,
necklace,
on shoulder,
open clothes,
open coat,
open mouth,
orange eyes,
orange footwear,
orange hair,
orange shorts,
outdoors,
outside,
overalls,
pants,
piercing,
pink eyes,
pink flower,
pink shirt,
pokemon (creature),
pokemon on shoulder,
raised leg,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red footwear,
red hair,
red shorts,
running,
sailor collar,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (anime),
series:pokemon sm (anime),
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sun & moon,
shirt,
shirtless,
shoes,
short hair,
shorts,
signature,
single hair bun,
sky,
sleeveless,
sleeveless dress,
sleeveless shirt,
small breasts,
smile,
socks,
species:alolan vulpix,
species:bewear,
species:eevee,
species:legendary pokémon,
species:monster,
species:pikachu,
species:pokémon,
species:rotom,
species:rotomdex,
species:rowlet,
species:stufful,
species:tsareena,
species:vulpix,
standing,
stomach,
striped,
striped shirt,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
sun hat,
swimsuit,
swimsuit under clothes,
swimwear,
tattoo,
teeth,
tied hair,
topknot,
topless male,
torn clothes,
torn pants,
trial captain,
twin braids,
twintails,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
very long hair,
white coat,
white dress,
white footwear,
white hair,
white headwear,
white legwear,
white shirt,
yellow eyes,
yellow hairband,