alternate costume,
arm support,
back cover,
bangs,
barefoot,
black legwear,
black skirt,
black vest,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blue one-piece swimsuit,
blue swimsuit,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
border,
bow,
bowtie,
bubble,
character:yamagou ayumi,
circle name,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:bowtie,
clothing:dress shirt,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:miniskirt,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:plaid neckwear,
clothing:plaid skirt,
clothing:pleated skirt,
clothing:red neckwear,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:socks,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:white shirt,
content rating,
cover,
cover page,
creator:fanta (the banana pistols),
dress shirt,
english text,
feet,
fetal position,
freckles,
frown,
head tilt,
language:english,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:huge filesize,
medium:text,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:huge filesize,
meta:translation request,
miniskirt,
name tag,
one-piece swimsuit,
ooarai school uniform,
open mouth,
outside border,
plaid,
plaid neckwear,
plaid skirt,
pleated skirt,
pov,
rating,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red neckwear,
school swimsuit,
school uniform,
series:girls und panzer,
shirt,
short sleeves,
sitting,
skirt,
socks,
submerged,
swimsuit,
text,
uniform,
vest,
white shirt,
wing collar,