1 female,
1girl,
!,
arm up,
bangle,
barefoot,
bikini,
bikini around one leg,
bikini bottom removed,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blush,
bottomless,
bracelet,
breasts,
cellphone,
character:female swimmer (pokemon xy),
character:pokemon character,
character:pokemon trainer,
character:swimmer (pokemon),
character:swimmer (pokémon),
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:red bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
colored nails,
convenient censoring,
creator:pixiv id 1757554,
creator:tm (hanamakisan),
dark skin,
dark-skinned female,
feet,
female,
gem,
gender:female,
green eyes,
jewelry,
language:japanese,
large breasts,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:censored,
medium:convenient censoring,
medium:high resolution,
medium:japanese language,
medium:japanese text,
medium:text,
meta:check translation,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:note translated,
meta:translated,
meta:translation request,
midriff,
nail polish,
navel,
notice lines,
one arm up,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
phone,
poke ball,
poke ball (basic),
poke ball (generic),
poké ball,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red bikini,
red nails,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon masters,
series:pokemon masters ex,
series:pokemon x & y,
series:pokemon xy,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon x & y,
smartphone,
smile,
solo,
sparkle,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
text,
tiptoes,
toenail polish,
toenails,
toes,
trainer class,
very long hair,
wink,