1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
abs,
adapted costume,
alternate breast size,
armpits,
arms up,
ass,
barefoot,
belly,
big ass,
big breasts,
blue background,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:pokemon trainer,
character:rurina (pokemon),
character:rurina (pokémon),
cleavage,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:leotard,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white swimsuit,
competition swimsuit,
covered navel,
cowboy shot,
creator:pixiv id 15836803,
creator:shibusun,
creator:shiibara5963,
curvaceous,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
earrings,
eye contact,
eyelashes,
eyeshadow,
feet,
female,
female only,
full body,
gender:female,
gym leader,
hair bun,
hair:blue,
hair:multicolored,
highleg,
highleg leotard,
highleg swimsuit,
hips,
hoop earrings,
hourglass figure,
human,
jewelry,
large ass,
large breasts,
leotard,
lips,
long hair,
looking at another,
looking at viewer,
makeup,
medium:1:1 aspect ratio,
medium:blue background,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:light background,
medium:multiple views,
medium:simple background,
medium:sketch,
medium:white background,
medium:zoom layer,
meta:commentary request,
meta:multiple views,
meta:sketch,
multicolored hair,
multiple views,
muscle,
muscular,
muscular female,
navel,
one eye closed,
one-piece swimsuit,
open mouth,
pixiv id 15836803,
pixiv profile:15836803,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
see-through,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon ss,
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
single hair bun,
skin tight,
smile,
solo,
solo female,
species:human,
species:mammal,
standing,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
thighs,
tied hair,
toes,
toned,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
water,
wet,
white one-piece swimsuit,
white swimsuit,
wide hips,
wink,
zoom layer,
なにこれセクシー,
ルリナ,
透けへそ,