1 female,
1girl,
absurdres,
alolan form,
artist:kumamoto nomii-kun,
bag,
bangs,
bare legs,
beach,
beanie,
black hair,
blue eyes,
blue sky,
booru:safebooru,
character:alolan exeggutor,
character:charizard,
character:diglett,
character:female protagonist (pokemon sm),
character:lapras,
character:mizuki (pokemon sm),
character:mizuki (pokemon),
character:pikachu,
character:pokemon (creature),
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:selene (pokemon),
character:wingull,
clip studio paint,
clipstudiopaint,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:t-shirt,
cloud,
clouds,
copyright:pokemon sm,
creator:kumamoto nomii-kun,
creator:misaki nonaka,
creator:vivache_322,
creator:三崎 のなか,
day,
floral print,
footwear,
gen 1 pokemon,
gen 1 pokémon,
gen 3 pokemon,
gen 3 pokémon,
gen 7 pokemon,
gender:female,
green shorts,
handbag,
hat,
kumamoto nomii-kun,
landscape,
legs,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
mountain,
nature,
on stairs,
outdoors,
outside,
palm tree,
pokemon 500 users bookmark,
pokemon (creature),
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red hat,
red headwear,
sand,
scenery,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sm,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sun & moon,
shirt,
shoes,
short hair,
short shorts,
short sleeves,
shorts,
sitting,
sitting on stairs,
sky,
sneakers,
solo,
species:alolan exeggutor,
species:charizard,
species:diglett,
species:lapras,
species:monster,
species:pikachu,
species:pokemon,
species:pokémon,
species:wingull,
stairs,
starter pokemon,
studio:nintendo,
swept bangs,
t-shirt,
tied shirt,
title:拝啓、カントーの君へ,
tree,
ポケットモンスター,
ポケモン500users入り,
ポケモンsm,
ミヅキ,
ミヅキ(トレーナー),