2 females,
2girls,
;d,
;q,
ahoge,
aqua bow,
aqua eyes,
aqua hairband,
ass,
back,
bangs,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
blue background,
blue eyes,
blue legwear,
blue neckerchief,
blue neckwear,
blue ribbon,
blue socks,
blunt bangs,
blush,
border,
bow,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
butt crack,
character:miyao miya,
character:shimabara elena,
closed mouth,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue legwear,
clothing:knee-high legwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:orange bow,
clothing:orange hairband,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:string bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
clothing:white border,
creator:run p (aveton),
face:;q,
gender:female,
green hair,
hairband,
hand holding,
hand on another's back,
holding hands,
interlocked fingers,
knee highs,
kneehighs,
kneeling,
legs,
long hair,
looking back,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blue background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:highres,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
neckerchief,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
orange bow,
orange hairband,
outside border,
polka dot,
polka dot bow,
polka dot hairband,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
ribbon,
sailor bikini,
sailor collar,
series:idolmaster,
series:idolmaster million live!,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sideboob,
simple background,
smile,
socks,
stomach,
string bikini,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tareme,
tareme eyes,
tongue,
tongue out,
very long hair,
white bikini,
white border,