1 female,
1girl,
arm behind back,
armband,
armpits,
bare legs,
belly chain,
bewitching thighs,
bikini,
bikini shorts,
black hair,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breast ripple,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:nessa (pokémon),
character:rurina (pokemon),
clothing:bikini,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:sandals,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sports bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
clothing:white swimsuit,
colored nails,
creator:nekobell,
creator:nekobell@金西ゆ44a,
creator:pixiv id 11857352,
creator:reki012345,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
female,
fingernails,
floating hair,
footwear,
full body,
gender:female,
gym leader,
headdress,
holding,
holding object,
holding poke ball,
holding poké ball,
jewelry,
knees,
legs,
lips,
lipstick,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
makeup,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:two-tone background,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
multicolored hair,
nail polish,
navel,
pixiv id 11857352,
poke ball,
poke ball (basic),
poke ball (generic),
pokemon 500 users bookmark,
poké ball,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red nails,
rurina,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
shorts,
solo,
sports bikini,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
tied hair,
title:ルリナ,
toenail polish,
toenails,
twintails,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
very long hair,
white bikini,
white swimsuit,