1 female,
1girl,
2016,
<3,
<3 eyes,
animal ears,
animal humanoid,
archway of venus,
artist:ebi 193,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
black legwear,
black thighhighs,
blue eyes,
blush,
booru:e621,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bow,
bow panties,
breasts,
brown body,
brown fur,
character:kasodani kyouko,
character:kyouko kasodani,
cleft of venus,
clothed,
clothes lift,
clothing,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:bow panties,
clothing:collar,
clothing:dress,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:panties,
clothing:stockings,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
collar,
creator:akasaka0079,
creator:ebi 193,
creator:えび１９３,
dog humanoid,
dress,
dress lift,
ears,
ebi 193,
female,
female only,
fur,
garrison cap,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genre:loli,
gluteal fold,
green eyes,
green hair,
hair,
heart,
heart symbol,
heart-shaped pupils,
humanoid,
kneeling,
legwear,
lingerie,
loli,
looking at viewer,
masturbation,
matching hair/eyes,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:2016,
meta:commentary request,
mouth hold,
navel,
page:5,
panties,
pantsu,
pixiv work:54856295,
point of view,
pov,
r-18,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
series:touhou,
series:touhou project,
shimapan,
short hair,
simple background,
small breasts,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canis,
species:dog,
species:dog humanoid,
species:domestic dog,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
stockings,
stomach,
striped,
striped panties,
striped underwear,
symbol-shaped pupils,
tail,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
title:ぬいぐるみ響子ちゃん！！,
touhou project 1000 users,
underwear,
video games,
white background,
year:2016,
young,
すじ,
ぬいぐるみえっち,
オナニー,
幽谷響子,
東方,
東方project3000users入り,
極上の貧乳,
目がハート,
首輪,