2 females,
2girls,
10s,
:d,
arm grab,
asymmetrical docking,
bangs,
bikini,
bikini skirt,
black bikini,
black scrunchie,
black swimsuit,
blue bikini,
blue eyes,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:danbooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breast press,
breast-to-breast,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
character:kousaka honoka,
character:minami kotori,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
creator:fujisaki kyouya,
creator:kyouya777,
creator:藤崎鏡也,
docking,
face::d,
female,
female on top,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie top,
gender:female,
genre:yuri,
girl on top,
grabbing,
grey hair,
hair ornament,
hair scrunchie,
hands up,
holding another's wrist,
lesbian,
long hair,
looking at another,
lying,
medium breasts,
medium hair,
medium:2010s,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:sketch,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
nervous smile,
on back,
on top,
one side up,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
orange hair,
page:2,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
scrunchie,
series:love live!,
series:love live! (series),
series:love live! school idol project,
side-tie bikini,
sketch,
smile,
sweat,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
symmetrical docking,
title:潤い。,
wet,
wet clothes,
wrist grab,
yuri,
ことほの,
ラブライブ!,
ラブライブ!500users入り,
乳合わせ,
南ことり,
水着,
濡れ透け,
百合,
胸合わせ,
高坂穂乃果,