6+ females,
6+ girls,
6+girls,
12 girls,
:d,
alternate hairstyle,
aqua eyes,
arm up,
ass,
ball,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
beach chair,
beachball,
beverage,
bikini,
bikini bottom,
bikini bottom only,
bikini skirt,
black bikini,
black hair,
blue bikini,
blue bikini bottom,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
breasts,
brown hair,
character:hayami kanade,
character:hojo karen,
character:houjou karen,
character:ichinose shiki,
character:jougasaki mika,
character:kamiya nao,
character:miyamoto frederica,
character:nitta minami,
character:sagisawa fumika,
character:shibuya rin,
character:shiomi shuuko,
character:shiomi syuko,
choker,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini bottom,
clothing:choker,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:striped bikini,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:swimsuit,
cocktail,
cocktail glass,
collarbone,
creator:maou (demonlord),
creator:maou(demonlord),
drink,
drinking,
drinking straw,
drinking straw in mouth,
earrings,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
flower (flowers),
flower earrings,
fringe,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
gender:female,
girl,
grin,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hair over shoulder,
halterneck,
inflatable raft,
innertube,
jewelry,
knees up,
lamp,
large breasts,
layered bikini,
legs,
light erotic,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium breasts,
medium hair,
meta:commentary request,
meta:photoshop (medium),
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
necklace,
neon lights,
night,
no face,
open mouth,
orange hair,
outdoors,
outside,
pendant,
pink hair,
playing,
point of view,
ponytail,
pool,
pov,
purple bikini,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red bikini,
red eyes,
series:idolmaster,
series:idolmaster cinderella girls,
short hair,
site:anime-pictures.net,
sitting,
small breasts,
smile,
stomach,
striped,
striped bikini,
stud earrings,
swim ring,
swimsuit,
teeth,
triad primus,
triad primus (idolmaster),
tropical drink,
vehicle,
water,
water ring,
watercraft,
yellow bikini,
yellow eyes,