1 female,
1girl,
:o,
adapted costume,
aqua eyes,
aqua one-piece swimsuit,
aqua swimsuit,
asymmetrical hair,
bangs,
black-framed eyewear,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
casual one-piece swimsuit,
character:pokemon character,
character:pokemon professor,
character:sonia (pokemon),
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:glasses,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
covered navel,
cowboy shot,
creator:pixiv id 2590519,
creator:shimure (460),
creator:suzusiigasuki,
eyewear,
eyewear on head,
face::o,
female,
gender:female,
glasses,
labcoat,
large breasts,
long hair,
long sleeves,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
megane,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
navel,
one-piece swimsuit,
open clothes,
open mouth,
orange hair,
ponytail,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
side ponytail,
simple background,
single sidelock,
solo,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
sweat,
swept bangs,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thighs,
tied hair,
v-shaped eyebrows,
white background,