1 female,
1 male,
1boy,
1girl,
:3,
arm behind back,
arms behind head,
arms up,
artist name,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
baseball cap,
beach,
black hair,
black pants,
blue footwear,
blue shirt,
blush,
blush stickers,
booru:danbooru,
breasts,
brown eyes,
character:ash ketchum,
character:kasumi (pokemon),
character:misty (pokemon),
character:pikachu,
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:satoshi (pokemon),
closed mouth,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:pants,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:striped shirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
cloud,
collarbone,
creator:may,
creator:maysroom,
creator:mei (maysroom),
episode number,
eye contact,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::3,
flower,
footprint,
footprints,
footwear,
full body,
gen 1 pokemon,
gender:female,
gender:male,
green eyes,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hand up,
happy,
hat,
hibiscus,
light blush,
looking at another,
looking to the side,
medium:artist name,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:jpeg artifacts,
midriff,
navel,
number,
open mouth,
orange footwear,
orange hair,
orange sky,
outdoors,
outside,
page:21,
palm tree,
pants,
pink flower,
pixiv work:76281125,
pokemon (creature),
pokemon trainer,
ponytail,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red headwear,
sand,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (anime),
series:pokemon sm102,
series:pokemon sm (anime),
series:pokémon,
shirt,
shoes,
short hair,
short sleeves,
side ponytail,
signature,
sky,
small breasts,
smile,
species:monster,
species:pikachu,
species:pokémon,
standing,
stomach,
striped,
striped shirt,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
sunset,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
title:pokemon log⑧,
tree,
walking,
water,
yellow one-piece swimsuit,
yellow swimsuit,