2016,
ambiguous gender,
androgynous,
anthro,
anthropomorphism,
armpits,
blue eyes,
blush,
bone,
booru:e621,
boots,
boss monster,
bovid,
brown hair,
caprine,
character:alphys,
character:asriel dreemurr,
character:chara (undertale),
character:charizard,
character:flowey the flower,
character:frisk (undertale),
character:gen 1 pokemon,
character:mettaton,
character:papyrus (undertale),
character:pokemon (species),
character:pokemon species,
character:protagonist (undertale),
character:sans (undertale),
character:undyne,
child,
chuta,
claws,
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hoodie,
creator:chuta,
crossover,
dragon,
ears,
elemental creature,
eye patch,
eyepatch,
eyes closed,
eyewear,
female,
filename:1da448f56c1cb5237b9f5adda7f556b7,
fire,
fish,
flaming tail,
flora fauna,
flower,
flying,
footwear,
fur,
furry,
gen 1 pokemon,
gender:ambiguous,
gender:female,
gender:male,
glasses,
glistening,
gloves,
goat,
group,
hair,
handwear,
happy,
hi res,
high resolution,
hoodie,
human,
humanoid,
invalid tag,
lizard,
long ears,
lying,
machine,
male,
mammal,
marine,
medium:2016,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:video game,
medium:white background,
megane,
membrane (anatomy),
membranous wings,
meta:2016,
meta:crossover,
meta:hi res,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
plant,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red hair,
reptile,
riding,
robot,
scalie,
scarf,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokémon,
series:undertale,
series:undertale (series),
shiny,
simple background,
sitting,
skeleton,
slippers,
smile,
species:boss monster,
species:bovid,
species:caprine,
species:charizard,
species:dragon,
species:elemental creature,
species:fish,
species:flora fauna,
species:generation 1 pokemon,
species:goat,
species:human,
species:humanoid,
species:lizard,
species:mammal,
species:marine,
species:monster,
species:mythical,
species:pokemon,
species:pokemon (species),
species:pokémon,
species:pokémon (species),
species:primate,
species:reptile,
species:robot,
species:scalie,
studio:nintendo,
teeth,
topwear,
tuft,
video games,
white background,
white body,
white fur,
wings,
wink,
year:2016,
young,