1 female,
1girl,
armor,
bangs,
bikini,
bikini armor,
black hair,
blue bikini,
blue choker,
blue neckwear,
blue swimsuit,
blunt bangs,
blurry,
blurry background,
blurry foreground,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
cape,
character name,
character:chi-chi (dragon ball),
character:chichi,
character:flying nimbus,
character:kid chichi,
chichi's armor,
chichi's helmet,
choker,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing,
clothing:armor,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:cape,
clothing:choker,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
creator:amaguchi chiyoko,
creator:amakuchichiyoko,
creator:kanchiyo,
creator:甘チヨ kanchiyo,
english text,
eyelashes,
female,
female only,
flying nimbus,
followers,
gender:female,
gloves,
green cape,
grey eyes,
hands up,
happy,
head tilt,
headwear,
helmet,
hip bones,
language:english,
legs together,
loli,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blurry background,
medium:blurry foreground,
medium:character name,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:english,
medium:english language,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:milestone celebration,
medium:photoshop (medium),
medium:red background,
medium:signature,
medium:speech bubble,
medium:text,
medium:thank you,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:contentious content,
meta:highres,
meta:md5 mismatch,
meta:photoshop (medium),
milestone celebration,
navel,
number,
open mouth,
palms,
pauldron,
pauldrons,
pink gloves,
pink headwear,
pink helmet,
point of view,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red background,
revealing armor,
series:dragon ball,
series:dragon ball (classic),
shaded face,
shiny,
shiny hair,
shoulder armor,
sidelocks,
signature,
small breasts,
smile,
solo,
spaulders,
speech bubble,
standing,
stomach,
straight hair,
swimsuit,
teeth,
text,
thank you,
thighs,
title:チチ,
tongue,
upper teeth,
upper teeth only,
チチ,
ドラゴンボール,