1 female,
1girl,
aqua hair,
artist name,
belly chain,
bikini,
black hair,
blue eyes,
blue eyeshadow,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:rurina (pokemon),
clenched hand,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sportswear,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:okada (hoooojicha),
cropped legs,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
earrings,
eyelashes,
eyeliner,
eyeshadow,
female,
flat chest,
gem,
gender:female,
gloves,
gym leader,
hair bun,
holding,
holding object,
holding poke ball,
holding poké ball,
hoop earrings,
jewelry,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
makeup,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:artist name,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:artist name,
meta:highres,
multicolored hair,
necklace,
partially fingerless gloves,
partly fingerless gloves,
pettanko,
poke ball,
poke ball (basic),
poke ball (generic),
poké ball,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
serious,
shorts,
sidelocks,
single glove,
single hair bun,
solo,
sportswear,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tankini,
tied hair,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
very long hair,