1 female,
1girl,
arms behind back,
bikini,
black bikini,
black swimsuit,
blue background,
blue eyes,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:hamakaze (kancolle),
character:hamakaze (kantai collection),
china dress,
chinese clothes,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:china dress,
clothing:chinese clothes,
clothing:denim shorts,
clothing:dress,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hairclip,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:short shorts,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:yellow footwear,
collarbone,
creator:0748423720,
creator:u,
creator:yuuji (and),
creator:yuuji_(and),
denim,
denim shorts,
female,
footwear,
full body,
gender:female,
gradient,
gradient background,
hair ornament,
hair over one eye,
hairclip,
hamakaze (kantai collection),
high resolution,
kantai collection,
legwear,
medium breasts,
medium:blue background,
medium:gradient background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:two-tone background,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:duplicate,
meta:highres,
meta:pixel-perfect duplicate,
navel,
page:10,
parted lips,
pixiv work:73845037,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
series:converse,
series:kantai collection,
shoes,
short hair,
short shorts,
shorts,
silver hair,
sneakers,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
title:色々纏34,
two-tone background,
white background,
white hair,
yellow footwear,
yuuji (and),
チャイナドレス,
三隈/長波/夕雲/藤波/電/大淀/清霜,
明ナス,
浜風/巻雲/磯波/明石/潮/高雄/鳥海,
潮(艦隊これくしょん),
私服艦娘/水着艦娘/艦々バニー,
艦これ,
艦これ1000users入り,
艦隊これくしょん,
連合艦ぱい,
釘バット,