1 female,
1girl,
alternate costume,
alternative costume,
armor,
armored boots,
armpits,
arms behind head,
arms up,
barefoot,
bb(水着),
bikini,
black choker,
blue eyes,
booru:safebooru,
boots,
breasts,
character:meltlilith,
character:meltryllis,
character:meltryllis (fate),
choker,
clip studio paint,
clipstudiopaint,
closed mouth,
clothing,
clothing:armor,
clothing:armored boots,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:boots,
clothing:choker,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
clothing:white swimsuit,
competition swimsuit,
creator:cld1111,
creator:shiseki hirame,
creator:shiseki_hirame,
creator:芝石ひらめ,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
fate/go5000users入り,
fate/go 5000+ bookmarks,
fate/grandorder,
feet,
female,
fgo,
flat color,
footwear,
from side,
full body,
gender:female,
greaves,
groin,
halter top,
halterneck,
hanging breasts,
high ponytail,
hip focus,
in profile,
long hair,
long ponytail,
looking at viewer,
medium:flat color,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary request,
navel,
no pupils,
page:14,
pixiv work:70463534,
ponytail,
pov,
purple hair,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
series:clip studio paint,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/extra,
series:fate/extra ccc,
series:fate/grand order,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sidelocks,
sideways glance,
simple background,
single sidelock,
small breasts,
solo,
spiked armor,
spikes,
split mouth,
standing,
stomach,
straight hair,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tachi-e,
tied hair,
title:fgoまとめ３６,
tsurime,
v-shaped eyebrows,
very long hair,
white background,
white bikini,
white swimsuit,
お腹に膝,
水着,
競泳水着,
胸ポチ,
裸足,
謎のヒロインxx,