1 female,
1girl,
2019,
:<,
\m/,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
animal tail,
bangs,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
black collar,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bow,
brown background,
brown hair,
clavicle,
closed mouth,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:collar,
clothing:dress,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:panties,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
collar,
collarbone,
creator:maple_teacup,
creator:sasakura momiji,
creator:sasakura momizi,
creator:笹倉 紅葉@お仕事募集中,
detached sleeves,
dress,
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::<,
feet,
female,
flat chest,
flat chested,
flower,
footwear,
fox ears,
fox girl,
fox shadow puppet,
fox tail,
frilled skirt,
frills,
gender:female,
gradient,
gradient background,
green eyes,
hair,
hair between eyes,
hand on hip,
hand up,
hi res,
japanese clothes,
kimono,
kitsunemimi,
legs,
legwear,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
long hair,
long sleeves,
medium:brown background,
medium:gradient background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:multiple views,
medium:pink background,
medium:simple background,
meta:2019,
meta:commentary request,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
miko,
multiple views,
navel,
off/on,
orange hair,
panties,
pantsu,
pink background,
pink bow,
pink flower,
pink footwear,
pink skirt,
pink sleeves,
pixiv profile:3689679,
pixiv work:75039196,
pleated skirt,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
ribbon trim,
ribbon-trimmed legwear,
robe,
series:original,
shirt,
shoes,
simple background,
skirt,
sleeveless,
sleeveless kimono,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:fox,
species:fox humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
stomach,
striped,
striped panties,
striped underwear,
tail,
thigh highs,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
title:すすきちゃんデザイン絵,
topless,
twintails,
underage,
underwear,
underwear only,
v-shaped eyebrows,
very long hair,
wafuku,
white kimono,
white legwear,
wide sleeves,
year:2019,
young,