1 female,
1girl,
action:looking at viewer,
action:smile,
animal ears,
animal humanoid,
animal tail,
ankle lace-up,
armlet,
ass,
bastet,
bent over,
blush,
bodily fluids,
bodypart:animal ears,
bodypart:animal tail,
bodypart:ass,
bodypart:blushing cheeks,
bodypart:breasts,
bodypart:brown eyes,
bodypart:brown hair,
bodypart:cat ears,
bodypart:cat tail,
bodypart:ears,
bodypart:hair,
bodypart:loli body type,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:tail,
bodypart:yellow eyes,
booru:e621,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
butt,
camel toe,
cat ears,
cat humanoid,
cat tail,
character:bast,
character:bastet,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:armlet,
clothing:bottomwear,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:sandals,
clothing:tagme,
contentious content,
copyright:original,
creator:erichpcsc,
creator:magukappu,
creator:umakatsuhai,
creator:馬克杯(magukappu),
cross-laced footwear,
ears,
egyptian,
emotion:joy,
female,
female:1,
footwear,
from behind,
gender:female,
gender:male,
gladiator sandals,
hair,
humanoid,
jewelry,
kneepits,
loincloth,
loli,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
lots of jewelry,
magukappu,
male:1,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:contentious content,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:white background,
nekomimi,
original,
petite,
pixiv id:75567,
pixiv work:39692355,
pov,
presenting,
r-17.9,
rating:questionable,
sandals,
series:egyptian mythology,
series:middle eastern mythology,
series:mythology,
series:original,
short hair,
simple background,
skimpy,
small breasts,
smile,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:cat humanoid,
species:deity,
species:felid,
species:felid humanoid,
species:feline,
species:feline humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
studio:magukappu,
sweat,
tail,
title:ねこ,
umakatsuhai,
website:e621,
wedgie,
yellow eyes,
young,
ふんどし,
オリジナル,
女の子,
尻神様,
褌,