1 female,
1girl,
:d,
bangs,
bikini,
black bikini,
black legwear,
black swimsuit,
black thighhighs,
black_bikini,
black_legwear,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
bow,
breasts,
character:shuten douji (fate),
character:shuten douji (fate/grand order),
character:shuten_douji_(fate/grand_order),
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:collar,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:puffy short sleeves,
clothing:puffy sleeves,
clothing:red bow ornament,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
collar,
creator:ichikawayan,
creator:pixiv id 7519185,
creator:sato art,
creator:sato art@お仕事募集中,
detached collar,
detached_collar,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyebrows_visible_through_hair,
face::d,
fang,
fangs,
fate/go500users入り,
fate/grandorder,
female,
fgo,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
front-tie_bikini,
front-tie_top,
gender:female,
headdress,
horns,
legs,
loli face,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
maid headdress,
maid_headdress,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:signature,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
medium_breasts,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:signature,
monster,
navel,
oni,
oni horns,
oni_horns,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
open_mouth,
pov,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
puffy_short_sleeves,
puffy_sleeves,
purple eyes,
purple hair,
purple_eyes,
purple_hair,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
red bow,
red_bow,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/grand order,
series:fate/grand_order,
series:fate_(series),
short eyebrows,
short hair,
short sleeves,
short_eyebrows,
short_hair,
short_sleeves,
signature,
simple background,
simple_background,
skin-covered horns,
skin-covered_horns,
smile,
solo,
species:mythical,
species:oni,
spread legs,
spread_legs,
spreading,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thick eyebrows,
thick_eyebrows,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
title:酒吞,
white background,
white collar,
white_background,
white_collar,
酒吞童子,
酒呑童子(fate),