1 female,
1girl,
a2,
android,
anime girls,
armwear,
bare shoulders,
black clothes,
black footwear,
black gloves,
black legwear,
black shorts,
black thighhighs,
blue eyes,
boots,
breasts,
building,
character:yorha type a no.2,
character:yorha type a no. 2,
chromatic aberration,
city,
cityscape,
closed mouth,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:black gloves,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:black shorts,
clothing:boots,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:high heel boots,
clothing:high heels,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:thigh boots,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:torn clothes,
cloud,
cloudy sky,
creator:eros panda,
creator:erospanda,
creator:user_exh3864,
crossed legs,
day,
dirty,
elbow gloves,
erospanda,
female,
floating hair,
flower,
footwear,
forest,
from behind,
garter,
gender:female,
girl with weapon,
gloves,
grass,
half-closed eyes,
heels,
high heel boots,
high heels,
holding,
holding object,
holding weapon,
in profile,
joints,
lake,
leaning to the side,
legwear,
long hair,
looking to the side,
medium:artist name,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:sketch,
medium:text,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:highres,
nature,
nier10000users入り,
nier:automata,
no blindfold,
outdoors,
outside,
page:1,
petals,
pixiv id 20944721,
pixiv id:20944721,
pixiv work:78675904,
profile,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
reflection,
robot joints,
series:nier,
series:nier (series),
series:nier automata,
series:nier: automata,
shade,
shoes,
short shorts,
shorts,
shoulder blades,
side view,
simple background,
sketch,
sky,
skyline,
solo,
species:android,
species:robot,
standing,
strapless,
sword,
thigh boots,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighhighs under boots,
title:a2,
torn,
torn clothes,
tree,
type-4o sword,
very long hair,
wallpaper,
water,
weapon,
white flower,
white hair,
wind,
サイハイブーツ,
ニーアオートマタ,
ヨルハa型二号,