3 females,
3girls,
:d,
apron,
arm at side,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
back,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blurry,
blurry background,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
breasts,
brown skin,
character:lana (pokemon),
character:lillie (pokemon),
character:mallow (pokemon),
character:mao (pokemon),
character:npc trainer,
character:pokemon character,
character:suiren (pokemon),
character:trial captain,
closed eyes,
clothing:apron,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
collarbone,
covered nipples,
creator:ontaros,
dark skin,
dark-skinned female,
day,
erect nipples,
erect nipples under clothes,
eyes closed,
face::d,
feet,
female,
female focus,
flower,
gender:female,
green eyes,
green hair,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hair tie,
hairband,
hand up,
high ponytail,
holding,
holding object,
holding tray,
holding_tray,
indoors,
leaning,
leaning forward,
lillie,
loli,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
looking down,
low twintails,
medium:blurry background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:contentious content,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
naked apron,
nipples,
nipples visible through clothing,
no bra,
no panties,
ontaros,
open mouth,
outstretched arm,
page:1,
pixiv work:74720498,
ponytail,
porkyman,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (anime),
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sm,
series:pokemon sm (anime),
series:pokemon sun & moon,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sun & moon,
shiny,
shiny skin,
short hair,
shoulder blades,
sideboob,
sidelocks,
small breasts,
smile,
source type:game,
standing,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swept bangs,
table,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:0514,
tray,
trial captain,
twin tails,
twintails,
walking,
young,