1 female,
1girl,
2019,
:d,
absurd res,
accessory,
artist:lucyfercomic,
bell,
bell collar,
bell_collar,
big breasts,
big_breasts,
bikini,
blue hair,
blue_hair,
booru:e621,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:gardevoir,
character:gen 3 pokemon,
character:pokemon species,
character:saraiah (heraldinthedark),
character:saraiah_(heraldinthedark),
choker,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bell collar,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:choker,
clothing:collar,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:tagme,
collar,
copyright:nintendo,
copyright:pokémon,
creator:lucyfer,
creator:lucyfercomic,
creator:zanatemx,
dessert,
digital media (artwork),
eyebrow through hair,
eyebrow_through_hair,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyelashes,
face::d,
female,
food,
gen 3 pokemon,
gender:female,
glistening,
glistening body,
glistening hair,
glistening skin,
glistening_body,
glistening_hair,
glistening_skin,
hair,
hair accessory,
hair ornament,
hair over eye,
hair over one eye,
hair_accessory,
hair_over_eye,
hand on hip,
hand_on_hip,
hi res,
hips,
huge breasts,
ice cream,
ice_cream,
jewelry,
large breasts,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
lucyfercomic,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:video game,
medium:white background,
meta:2019,
meta:absurd res,
meta:absurd_res,
meta:absurdres,
meta:digital media (artwork),
meta:digital_media_(artwork),
meta:hi res,
meta:hi_res,
meta:high resolution,
meta:highres,
midriff,
navel,
necklace,
not furry,
not_furry,
one eye obstructed,
one_eye_obstructed,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
pink eyes,
pink_eyes,
point of view,
pokemon (creature),
popsicle,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokémon,
shiny,
side-tie bikini,
simple background,
simple_background,
skimpy,
slender waist,
smile,
solo,
source type:game,
species:gardevoir,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:monster,
species:pokemon,
species:pokémon,
species:pokémon (species),
species:pokémon_(species),
species:shiny pokémon,
species:shiny_pokémon,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thick thighs,
thick_thighs,
thighs,
translucent,
translucent hair,
translucent_hair,
video games,
video_games,
white background,
white_background,
wide hips,
wide_hips,
year:2019,
zanatemx,