6+ females,
6+girls,
:d,
ahoge,
aqua eyes,
aqua_eyes,
arms up,
asymmetrical hair,
blonde hair,
blonde_hair,
blowing kiss,
blown kiss,
blown_kiss,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blue vest,
blue_eyes,
blue_hair,
blue_vest,
blush,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
boots,
bow,
braid,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
brown_eyes,
brown_hair,
character:baba konomi,
character:baba_konomi,
character:emily stewart,
character:emily_stewart,
character:fukuda noriko,
character:fukuda_noriko,
character:hakozaki serika,
character:hakozaki_serika,
character:handa roco,
character:handa roko,
character:handa_roko,
character:ibuki tsubasa,
character:ibuki_tsubasa,
character:julia (idolmaster),
character:julia_(idolmaster),
character:kasuga mirai,
character:kasuga_mirai,
character:kinoshita hinata,
character:kinoshita_hinata,
character:kitakami reika,
character:kitakami_reika,
character:kitazawa shiho,
character:kitazawa_shiho,
character:kousaka umi,
character:kousaka_umi,
character:maihama ayumu,
character:maihama_ayumu,
character:makabe mizuki,
character:makabe_mizuki,
character:matsuda arisa,
character:matsuda_arisa,
character:miyao miya,
character:miyao_miya,
character:mochizuki anna,
character:mochizuki_anna,
character:mogami shizuka,
character:mogami_shizuka,
character:momose rio,
character:momose_rio,
character:nagayoshi subaru,
character:nagayoshi_subaru,
character:nakatani iku,
character:nakatani_iku,
character:nanao yuriko,
character:nanao_yuriko,
character:nikaidou chizuru,
character:nikaidou_chizuru,
character:nonohara akane,
character:nonohara_akane,
character:ogami tamaki,
character:oogami tamaki,
character:oogami_tamaki,
character:satake minako,
character:satake_minako,
character:shimabara elena,
character:shimabara_elena,
character:shinomiya karen,
character:shinomiya_karen,
character:suou momoko,
character:suou_momoko,
character:takayama sayoko,
character:takayama_sayoko,
character:tanaka kotoha,
character:tanaka_kotoha,
character:tenkubashi tomoka,
character:tenkuubashi tomoka,
character:tenkuubashi_tomoka,
character:tokoro megumi,
character:tokoro_megumi,
character:tokugawa matsuri,
character:tokugawa_matsuri,
character:toyokawa fuka,
character:toyokawa fuuka,
character:toyokawa_fuuka,
character:yabuki kana,
character:yabuki_kana,
character:yokoyama nao,
character:yokoyama_nao,
closed eyes,
closed mouth,
closed_eyes,
closed_mouth,
clothing,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:legwear,
creator:yanagita kousuke,
creator:yanagita_kousuke,
cross-laced footwear,
cross-laced_footwear,
everyone,
eyes closed,
face::d,
female,
footwear,
gender:female,
green hair,
green_hair,
guitar,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hair_bow,
hands above head,
hands_above_head,
hat,
headwear,
heart,
heart hands,
heart_hands,
idol clothes,
idol_clothes,
instrument,
jumping,
lace-up boots,
lace-up_boots,
legwear,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
medium:16:9 aspect ratio,
medium:high resolution,
medium:twitter username,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:twitter username,
meta:wallpaper,
miniskirt,
multicolored hair,
multicoloured hair,
multicoloured_hair,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple_girls,
musical instrument,
one eye closed,
one side up,
one_eye_closed,
one_side_up,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
open_mouth,
pink eyes,
pink hair,
pink_eyes,
pink_hair,
ponytail,
pov,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
puffy_short_sleeves,
puffy_sleeves,
purple eyes,
purple hair,
purple_eyes,
purple_hair,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
red_eyes,
series:idolmaster,
series:idolmaster million live!,
series:idolmaster_million_live!,
short hair,
short sleeves,
short_hair,
short_sleeves,
shorts,
side ponytail,
side_ponytail,
skirt,
smile,
squatting,
tied hair,
twin tails,
twin_tails,
twintails,
twitter username,
twitter_username,
vest,
wallpaper,
white footwear,
white shorts,
white skirt,
white_footwear,
white_shorts,
white_skirt,
yellow eyes,
yellow_eyes,