16:9 aspect ratio,
absurdres,
alternate appearance,
alternate costume,
alternative costume,
armor,
artist name,
ayya saparniyazova,
ayyasap,
ayyasaparniyazova,
ayyasapart,
bent knee (knees),
blizzard,
blizzardentertainment,
blizzardfanart,
blizzardoverwatch,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blurry,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/e3/a8/e3a878a1954bb63670fd4dbc85a3c747.jpg?e=1646644676&expires=1646644676&m=hxhjndvt2dcn1bvjj4ybta&token=p1qzqdmeekck7cqirqebqckk_mnrczfon-p3hlgigg4,
booru:sankaku channel,
braid,
braid (braids),
breastplate,
building (buildings),
category:ine,
character:dr. angela "mercy" ziegler,
character:mercy (overwatch),
character:sigrun mercy,
creator:ayya saparniyazova,
creator:ayyasap,
creator:ayyasap (artist),
depth of field,
fanart,
fanart from deviantart,
female,
fist,
fur,
fur trim,
game,
gender:female,
girl,
hair ribbon,
high resolution,
highres,
holding,
house,
large filesize,
lens flare,
lipstick,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
mechanical wings,
medium:16:9 aspect ratio,
medium:artist name,
medium:fanart from deviantart,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:text,
medium:very high resolution,
mercy,
mercy (overwatch),
mercyoverwatch,
meta:artist name,
outdoors,
overwatch,
overwatchanniversary,
overwatchanniversary2018,
overwatchblizzard,
overwatchfanart,
patreon,
pink lipstick,
potential duplicate,
rating:safe,
realistic,
ribbon (ribbons),
series:blizzard entertainment,
series:overwatch,
sheath,
sheathed,
signed,
single,
single braid,
site:anime-pictures.net,
site:deviantart,
sky,
smile,
staff,
stone (stones),
studio:blizzard entertainment,
sword,
text,
tied hair,
title:valkyrie mercy,
valkyrie,
valkyriemercy,
vambraces,
very high resolution,
wallpaper,
wallpaperdesktop,
watermark,
weapon,
wide image,
wings,
year:2018,