1 female,
1girl,
anthropomorphism,
anthropomorphization,
bewitching thighs,
bikini,
black bikini,
black swimsuit,
blue background,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
bow,
breasts,
brown eyes,
character:yuubari (kancolle),
character:yuubari (kantai collection),
clavicle,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:green jacket,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
creator:pixiv id 25167970,
creator:uut,
creator:uut_vinylon,
female,
gender:female,
green jacket,
grey hair,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
halter top,
halterneck,
jacket,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blue background,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
open clothes,
open jacket,
open shirt,
outstretched arms,
page:1,
pixiv id 25167970,
pixiv profile:25167970,
pixiv work:75471325,
ponytail,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
series:kantai collection,
shipgirl in swimsuit,
shirt,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
simple background,
small breasts,
smile,
solo,
standing,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
tied hair,
title:水着でパーカーな夕張さん,
uut,
キャストオフ,
メロンちゃん,
夕張(艦隊これくしょん),
提督love,
水着艦娘/水着パーカー,
艦これ100users入り,