1 female,
1girl,
aqua eyes,
art,
bare arms,
black hair,
booru:sankaku,
breasts,
character:marnie (pokemon),
character:mary (pokemon),
character:pokemon trainer,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:dress,
clothing:earring (single),
clothing:earrings,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:leotard,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
competition swimsuit,
creator:pixiv id 2743526,
creator:putcher,
creator:putcher_ぷっちゃー,
creator:putcherillust,
creator:putchers,
creator:ぷっちゃー,
dress,
earrings,
female,
flexible,
gender:female,
groin,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
half-closed eyes,
highleg,
highleg leotard,
highleg swimsuit,
jewelry,
legs,
leotard,
looking at viewer,
marnie,
marnie_pokemon,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
one-piece swimsuit,
piercing,
pixiv work:76210138,
point of view,
pokemonfanart,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
ribbon,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
short hair,
short twintails,
single earring,
split,
spread legs,
spreading,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
tied hair,
title:marnieracingswimsuits,
title:競泳水着マリィ marnie racing swimsuits,
twintails,
ハイレグ,
ポケットモンスター,
ポケモン,
ポケモン500users入り,
ポケモン1000users入り,
ポケモン人間絵,
ポケモン剣盾,
マリィ(トレーナー),
競泳水着,