1 female,
1girl,
:o,
ahoge,
antenna hair,
ass,
bandage,
bandaged arm,
bandages,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
bikini,
black hair,
blush,
bodypart:antenna hair,
bodypart:ass,
bodypart:bare shoulders,
bodypart:black hair,
bodypart:collarbone,
bodypart:ears,
bodypart:feet,
bodypart:hair bangs,
bodypart:horns,
bodypart:long hair,
bodypart:pointy ears,
bodypart:red eyes,
bodypart:shiny skin,
bodypart:very long hair,
booru:sankaku channel,
character:danua,
character:draph race (granblue fantasy),
clavicle,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:miniskirt,
clothing:multi-strapped bikini,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:purple ribbon,
clothing:purple skirt,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
creator:chicken0,
creator:ziko,
creator:ziko45,
crescent,
draph,
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::o,
feet,
female,
foot focus,
foreshortening,
full body,
gender:female,
group:jewelry,
hairstyle:sidelocks,
horn ornament,
horns,
hugging own legs,
jewelry,
leg hug,
legs up,
loli face,
long hair,
medium:light background,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:questionable,
miniskirt,
multi-strapped bikini,
necklace,
open mouth,
pixiv id 4935673,
point of view,
pointed ears,
pointy ears,
pov feet,
purple ribbon,
purple skirt,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
red eyes,
ribbon,
series:granblue fantasy,
shiny,
shiny skin,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sidelocks,
simple background,
sitting,
skindentation,
skirt,
soles,
solo,
species:doraf,
swimsuit,
thighs,
tiptoes,
title:ダヌア,
toes,
very long hair,
white background,
ziko,
つま先,
グラブル,
ダヌア,
裸足,
足指,
足裏,