1 female,
1girl,
apron,
arm up,
bangs,
bikini,
bikini top,
bikini top only,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue bikini,
blue eyes,
blue legwear,
blue thighhighs,
blunt bangs,
bow,
bra,
breastless clothes,
breasts,
character:lina (michihasu),
character:lina bell roll,
character:original character,
cleavage,
clothing:apron,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini top,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:bra,
clothing:garter belt,
clothing:garter straps,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:puffy short sleeves,
clothing:puffy sleeves,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:stockings,
clothing:striped legwear,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
cowboy shot,
creator:michi-hasu,
creator:michihasu,
creator:ミチハス,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
garter belt,
garter straps,
gender:female,
gender:male,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
heart,
high resolution,
large breasts,
legwear,
lina (michihasu),
lina bell roll,
lingerie,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
maid,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:yellow background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:original character,
michihasu,
multicolored,
multicolored eyes,
one arm up,
open clothes,
open mouth,
open shirt,
original,
original character,
pixiv work:75423251,
point of view,
pointing,
pov,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
purple eyes,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:original,
shirt,
short sleeves,
simple background,
skindentation,
solo,
stockings,
string bikini,
striped,
striped bow,
striped legwear,
striped thighhighs,
suspender skirt,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
title:💛💙💙,
two side up,
underboob,
underwear,
waist apron,
yellow background,
zettai ryouiki,
ウェイトレス,
オリジナル10000users入り,
ガーターベルト,
ブラジャー,
リナ・ベル・ロール,
下乳,
吊りスカート,
女の子,
巨乳,
極上の乳,
金髪,