alternate version at source,
anthro,
anthropomorphism,
artist:kaminosaki,
better version at source,
bottomwear,
character:garou kazeoka,
character:garou_kazeoka,
character:haruto arashiki,
character:haruto_arashiki,
character:yuki motoe,
character:yuki_motoe,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bottomwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:shorts,
comic,
creator:kaminosaki,
dialogue,
edit,
edited,
furgonomics,
gender:male,
group,
hard translated,
hi res,
male,
medium:comic,
medium:high resolution,
medium:text,
meta:alternate version at source,
meta:alternate_version_at_source,
meta:better version at source,
meta:better_version_at_source,
meta:comic,
meta:dialogue,
meta:edit,
meta:english text,
meta:english_text,
meta:hard translated,
meta:hard_translated,
meta:hi res,
meta:hi_res,
meta:monochrome,
meta:translated,
nipples,
pool:16121,
rating:safe,
shorts,
species:animal humanoid,
species:animal_humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canid_humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canine_humanoid,
species:canis,
species:cat,
species:cat humanoid,
species:cetacean,
species:delphinoid,
species:dog humanoid,
species:dog_humanoid,
species:domestic cat,
species:domestic dog,
species:domestic_dog,
species:felid,
species:felid humanoid,
species:feline,
species:feline humanoid,
species:felis,
species:human,
species:humanoid,
species:leopard,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mammal_humanoid,
species:marine,
species:oceanic dolphin,
species:oceanic_dolphin,
species:orca,
species:pantherine,
species:primate,
species:snow leopard,
species:snow_leopard,
species:toothed whale,
species:toothed_whale,
swim trunks,
swimming goggles,
swimming trunks,
swimming_goggles,
swimming_trunks,
swimwear,
text,
topless,
translated,
young,