2 females,
2girls,
2018,
bangs,
black legwear,
black socks,
blush,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown footwear,
brown hair,
cleavage,
clothes lift,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:knee-high legwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:panties,
clothing:sailor uniform,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:serafuku,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:white shirt,
creator:lu xiyi x zi,
creator:x-boy,
creator:绿蜥蜴x仔,
dated,
deep skin,
english text,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
footwear,
gender:female,
green sailor collar,
head under skirt,
heels,
high-school girl,
imminent cunnilingus,
imminent oral,
interlocked venus symbols,
knee highs,
kneehighs,
kneeling,
language:english,
leg licking,
lesbian,
licking,
licking leg,
licking thigh,
lifted by self,
loafers,
long hair,
lu xiyi x zi,
medium breasts,
medium:16:9 aspect ratio,
medium:2018,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:dated,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:huge filesize,
medium:large filesize,
medium:text,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:huge filesize,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:wallpaper,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
page:1,
panties,
pantsu,
pleated skirt,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
sailor collar,
sailor uniform,
school uniform,
schoolgirl uniform,
seifuku,
serafuku,
series:original,
shirt,
shoes,
short sleeves,
sidelocks,
skirt,
skirt lift,
slip-on shoes,
small breasts,
socks,
standing,
tagme,
teenage girl,
text,
thigh licking,
title:百合摸鱼壁纸,
tongue,
tongue out,
under skirt,
underwear,
uniform,
venus symbol,
white panties,
white shirt,
white underwear,
year:2018,
yuri,
創作,