1 female,
1girl,
anthropomorphization,
blue one-piece swimsuit,
blue swimsuit,
blurry,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
character:i-401 (kancolle),
character:i-401 (kantai collection),
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:swimsuit,
cowboy shot,
creator:hina komochi,
creator:hira (hinakomochi),
depth of field,
female,
flower,
gender:female,
green umbrella,
hair ornament,
hairclip,
hina komochi,
leaning,
leaning forward,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:depth of field,
medium:high resolution,
medium:orange background,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
one-piece swimsuit,
one-piece tan,
orange background,
orange sailor collar,
pixiv id 24890653,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
sailor collar,
school swimsuit,
series:kantai collection,
shirt,
short hair,
short ponytail,
sleeveless,
sleeveless shirt,
smile,
solo,
stairs,
sukumizu,
swimsuit,
swimsuit under clothes,
swimwear,
tan,
tan lines,
tank suit,
tanline,
tanlines,
tanned,
thigh gap,
tied hair,
umbrella,