2 females,
2girls,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
animal_ear_fluff,
areola slip,
areolae,
bangs,
bed sheet,
blonde hair,
blue bow,
blue eyes,
blue panties,
blue shirt,
blue skirt,
blue underwear,
blunt bangs,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:danbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:sankaku channel,
bottomless,
bow,
bow panties,
breasts,
can,
candy,
candy wrapper,
candy_wrapper,
character doll,
character:sasugano roki,
character:sasugano ruki,
character:sasugano_roki,
character:sasugano_ruki,
clothing:blue panties,
clothing:blue skirt,
clothing:collared shirt,
clothing:dress shirt,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hairclip,
clothing:panties,
clothing:pink panties,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white legwear,
clothing:white shirt,
clothing:white skirt,
collared shirt,
creator:liang feng qui ye,
doll hug,
doll_hug,
dress shirt,
ears,
epaulettes,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
food,
frilled pillow,
frilled_pillow,
frills,
gender:female,
groin,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hairclip,
hand up,
heart,
heart pillow,
liang feng qui ye,
liang_feng_qui_ye,
light censor,
light_censor,
loli,
lollipop,
long sleeves,
medium:16:10 aspect ratio,
medium:high resolution,
medium:light censor,
meta:character request,
meta:commentary request,
meta:contentious content,
meta:highres,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
no shoes,
object hug,
open clothes,
open shirt,
panties,
panties removed,
pantsu,
pantsu pull,
panty pull,
parted lips,
pillow,
pink panties,
pink pantsu,
pleated skirt,
purple hair,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
red string,
red_string,
rukiroki,
saliva,
sasugano roki,
sasugano ruki,
series:rukiroki,
shirt,
side-tie,
side-tie panties,
skirt,
skirt around one leg,
skirt removed,
skirt_around_one_leg,
small breasts,
string,
string of fate,
swirl lollipop,
swirl_lollipop,
tagme:character,
tail,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
underage,
underwear,
underwear removed,
untied,
untied panties,
untied pantsu,
untied_pantsu,
virtual youtuber,
wavy mouth,
white legwear,
white shirt,
white skirt,
young,