1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
aqua eyes,
arm behind head,
armpits,
arms behind head,
arms up,
asymmetrical hair,
bikini,
black hair,
blush,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:marnie (pokemon),
character:mary (pokemon),
choker,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:choker,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
cowboy shot,
creator:user_csvj8884,
creator:white-stew,
creator:しつー /stew,
dusk ball,
earrings,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyelashes,
female,
female only,
gender:female,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
holding object,
holding poke ball,
holding poké ball,
human,
human only,
jacket,
jewelry,
leather,
leather jacket,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:2019,
meta:absurd res,
meta:absurdres,
meta:high resolution,
meta:highres,
meta:simple background,
meta:white background,
navel,
open clothes,
open jacket,
open mouth,
pink bikini,
poke ball,
pokemon 100 users bookmark,
pokemon trainer,
poké ball,
pose,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
ribbon,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon ss,
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
simple background,
solo,
species:human,
species:mammal,
standing,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thigh gap,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:マリィちゃん,
twintails,
underboob,
white background,
year:2019,
へそ出し,
マリィ,