2 females,
2girls,
:d,
;d,
adapted costume,
animal,
aqua eyes,
armpits,
arms up,
bangle,
bare arms,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
beach,
bikini,
bikini skirt,
bird,
black bikini,
black swimsuit,
blue eyes,
blue hawaii,
blue sky,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:gelbooru,
bracelet,
breasts,
brown hair,
character:kaguya luna,
character:kizuna ai,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hairclip,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:sunglasses,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
cloud,
cocktail glass,
colored nails,
creator:kitazume kumie,
cup,
d-pad,
d-pad hair ornament,
day,
drinking glass,
drinking straw,
dutch angle,
eyewear,
eyewear on head,
face::d,
face:;d,
feet,
flower,
food,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie top,
fruit,
gender:female,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hairband,
hairclip,
halter top,
halterneck,
heart,
heart-shaped eyewear,
hibiscus,
holding,
holding cup,
horizon,
inflatable toy,
jewelry,
large breasts,
leg up,
legs,
lens flare,
light rays,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:huge filesize,
medium:large filesize,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:huge filesize,
meta:md5 mismatch,
midriff,
multicolored hair,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
nail polish,
navel,
necklace,
ocean,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
outdoors,
outside,
outstretched arm,
palm leaf,
pineapple,
pineapple slice,
pink flower,
pov,
raised leg,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red flower,
red nails,
sailor bikini,
sailor collar,
sand,
series:a.i. channel,
series:kizuna ai,
series:kizuna ai inc.,
series:the moon studio,
series:virtual youtuber,
shrimp,
shrimp tempura,
side-tie bikini,
sidelocks,
silver hair,
sky,
smile,
species:avian,
species:bird,
standing,
stomach,
strap gap,
streaked hair,
studio:blue hawaii,
sunbeam,
sunglasses,
sunlight,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tempura,
thighs,
tied hair,
tropical drink,
twintails,
v-shaped eyebrows,
virtual youtuber,
water,
white bikini,
white sailor collar,
white swimsuit,
wine glass,
wink,