1 female,
1 male,
1boy,
1girl,
2020,
all fours,
ambiguous penetration,
ambiguous_penetration,
animal,
animal ears,
animal humanoid,
animal tail,
arched back,
arknights,
artist:pepper0,
bangs,
barefoot,
beastiality,
bestiality,
blouse,
blush,
bodily fluids,
bodily_fluids,
booru:danbooru,
booru:e621,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bottomless,
breasts,
brown hair,
candy,
character:lion,
character:siege (arknights),
character:siege_(arknights),
claws,
clothed,
clothing,
copyright:arknights,
creampie,
creator:ce- -3,
creator:ce-_-3,
creator:pepper0,
creator:˚☼。,
cum,
cum drip,
cum in pussy,
cum inside,
cum leaking,
cum pool,
cum_drip,
cum_leaking,
dessert,
doggy style,
doggystyle,
dripping,
duo,
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyelashes,
feet,
felid,
felid humanoid,
feline,
female,
female on feral,
female penetrated,
female_on_feral,
female_penetrated,
feral,
feral penetrating,
feral penetrating humanoid,
feral_penetrating,
feral_penetrating_humanoid,
food,
from behind position,
from_behind_position,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genital fluids,
genital_fluids,
genre:bestiality,
genre:hetero,
genre:interspecies,
green background,
guro,
hetero,
hi res,
holding,
holding candy,
holding food,
holding lollipop,
humanoid,
humanoid on feral,
humanoid penetrated,
humanoid_on_feral,
humanoid_penetrated,
interspecies,
intraspecies,
leaking,
leaking cum,
lion,
lion ears,
lion girl,
lion humanoid,
lion tail,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
lollipop,
male,
male on female,
male on humanoid,
male penetrating,
male penetrating female,
male/female,
male_penetrating,
male_penetrating_female,
mammal,
mammal humanoid,
medium:green background,
medium:simple background,
messy hair,
meta:2020,
meta:commentary request,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:r-18,
mounting,
nakadashi,
overflow,
pantherine,
pantherine humanoid,
penetration,
penis sexual fluids,
pepper0,
pixiv id:10013868,
pixiv profile:10013868,
pixiv work:79174991,
position:doggystyle,
r-18,
rating:bestiality,
rating:e,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
same-species bestiality,
same-species_bestiality,
semen,
semen pool,
series:arknights,
series:hypergryph,
series:studio montagne,
sex,
sex from behind,
shiny,
shiny hair,
shirt,
siege (arknights),
simple background,
species:animal humanoid,
species:animal_humanoid,
species:felid,
species:felid humanoid,
species:felid_humanoid,
species:feline,
species:humanoid,
species:lion,
species:lion humanoid,
species:lion_humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mammal_humanoid,
species:non-human animal,
species:pantherine,
species:pantherine humanoid,
species:pantherine_humanoid,
straight,
sweat,
tail,
taken from behind,
tank top,
title:シージ,
tongue,
video games,
white shirt,
year:2020,
zoophilia,
˚☼。,
アークナイツ,
アークナイツ10000users入り,
シージ(アークナイツ),
ライオン,
推进之王,
明日方舟,
猫姦,
獣姦,