1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
animal ears,
animal print,
big breasts,
bikini,
blue eyes,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
bottle,
breasts,
breasts apart,
brown hair,
character:mei (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:rosa (pokemon),
clavicle,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:micro bikini,
clothing:string bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
collarbone,
covered erect nipples,
covered nipples,
cow bikini,
cow ears,
cow girl,
cow horns,
cow print,
cowboy shot,
creator:acow,
creator:user xadc7722,
creator:user_xadc7722,
creatures inc.,
double bun,
ears,
erect nipples,
erect nipples under clothes,
eye contact,
female,
game freak,
gender:female,
hair bun,
half-closed eyes,
high resolution,
horns,
large breasts,
looking at another,
looking at viewer,
low twintails,
medium:2d art,
medium:high resolution,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
micro bikini,
midriff,
milk,
milk bottle,
moomoo milk,
mound of venus,
navel,
nintendo,
nipples,
open mouth,
pale skin,
pale-skinned female,
pink background,
pokemon,
pokemon (game),
pokemon black 2 &amp; white 2,
pokemon character,
pov,
protagonist (pokemon),
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
rosa (pokemon),
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon bw,
series:pokemon bw2,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon black & white,
series:pokémon black & white 2,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
string bikini,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thick thighs,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:モーモーミルクを販売するメイちゃん,
twintails,
underboob,
user xadc7722,
white background,
white bikini,
white border,
white swimsuit,
おへそ,
ポケモン,
ポケモン500users入り,
メイ(トレーナー),
メイぱい,
水着,
牛娘,
牛柄ビキニ,