00s,
1girl,
accidental exposure,
action:closing eyes,
action:lifting up clothes,
action:lifting up skirt,
animal ears,
animal humanoid,
animal tail,
bodypart:animal ears,
bodypart:animal tail,
bodypart:ears,
bodypart:hair,
bodypart:loli body type,
bodypart:purple hair,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:tail,
booru:e621,
bottomwear,
bow panties,
character:hiiragi tsukasa,
character:tsukasa hiiragi,
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothes lift,
clothing,
clothing lift,
clothing:blue skirt,
clothing:bottomwear,
clothing:panties,
clothing:sailor uniform,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:serafuku,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:uniforms,
clothing:yellow neckwear,
creator:rindou (awoshakushi),
dog ears,
dog humanoid,
dog tail,
ears,
eyes closed,
female,
female:1,
filename:__hiiragi_tsukasa_lucky_star_drawn_by_rindou_awoshakushi__35c53ef1552b32b79ffb3c2320f6f5b2,
gender:female,
gender:male,
hair,
humanoid,
jumping,
loli,
male:1,
medium:2000s,
meta:commentary request,
meta:unknown artist,
midriff,
panties,
panty shot,
pantyshot,
pattern bottomwear,
pattern clothing,
pattern panties,
pattern underwear,
purple clothing,
purple hair,
purple panties,
purple underwear,
rating:adult,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rindou (awoshakushi),
ryouou school uniform,
school uniform,
schoolgirl uniform,
serafuku,
series:lucky star,
short hair,
skirt,
skirt lift,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canis,
species:dog,
species:dog humanoid,
species:domestic dog,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
striped,
striped bottomwear,
striped clothing,
striped panties,
striped underwear,
stripes,
tail,
underwear,
uniform,
unknown artist,
upskirt,
website:e621,
wind lift,
yellow neckwear,
young,