1 female,
1girl,
ass,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
bb(水着),
blush,
bodysuit,
booru:sankaku channel,
bow,
breasts,
character:bb (fate),
character:bb (fate) (all),
character:bb (fate/extra ccc),
character:bb (fate/extra),
character:moon cancer (bb),
clip studio paint,
clipstudiopaint,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:red bow ornament,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white gloves,
competition swimsuit,
creator:cld1111,
creator:shiseki hirame,
creator:shiseki_hirame,
creator:芝石ひらめ,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
fate/go5000users入り,
fate/go 5000+ bookmarks,
fate/grandorder,
feet,
female,
fgo,
from behind,
from below,
gender:female,
gloves,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hanging breasts,
large breasts,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:character request,
meta:commentary request,
one-piece swimsuit,
page:8,
pixiv work:70463534,
pov,
purple eyes,
purple hair,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red bow,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
series:clip studio paint,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/extra,
series:fate/extra ccc,
series:fate/grand order,
simple background,
solo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
title:fgoまとめ３６,
viewed from below,
violet eyes,
white background,
white gloves,
お腹に膝,
水着,
競泳水着,
胸ポチ,
裸足,
謎のヒロインxx,