1 female,
1girl,
alternate costume,
alternate hairstyle,
alternative costume,
alternative hairstyle,
anthropomorphism,
anthropomorphization,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
blue background,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blue neckwear,
blue sailor collar,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
character:samidare (kancolle),
character:samidare (kantai collection),
clothes lift,
clothing:blue sailor collar,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:pleated skirt,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:sailor uniform,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:sleeveless shirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:white shirt,
clothing:white skirt,
contrapposto,
creator:pixiv id 25167970,
creator:uut,
creator:uut_vinylon,
feet out of frame,
female,
gender:female,
high ponytail,
lifted by self,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blue background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:twitter username,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:twitter username,
neckerchief,
one-piece swimsuit,
pixiv id 25167970,
pixiv profile:25167970,
pixiv work:76223717,
pleated skirt,
point of view,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
sailor collar,
school swimsuit,
school uniform,
schoolgirl uniform,
serafuku,
series:kantai collection,
shirt,
simple background,
skirt,
skirt lift,
sleeveless,
sleeveless shirt,
solo,
standing,
sukumizu,
swept bangs,
swimsuit,
swimsuit under clothes,
swimwear,
tank suit,
tied hair,
title:スク水セーラーな五月雨ちゃん,
twitter username,
uniform,
uut,
very long hair,
white shirt,
white skirt,