1 female,
1girl,
alternate breast size,
aqua eyes,
asymmetrical bangs,
asymmetrical hair,
bangs,
bikini,
black bikini,
black choker,
black hair,
black nails,
black swimsuit,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:gen 8 pokemon,
character:marnie (pokemon),
character:mary (pokemon),
character:morpeko,
character:morpeko (full),
character:morpeko (hangry),
character:pokemon species,
choker,
clavicle,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:lingerie,
collarbone,
colored nails,
creator:giovanni zaccaria,
creator:redjet,
creator:redjet00,
earrings,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
gen 8 pokemon,
gen 8 pokémon,
gender:female,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hair tie,
heart,
heart print,
jewelry,
large breasts,
lingerie,
loli face,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:artist name,
medium:watermark,
medium:web address,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:patreon username,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:watermark,
nail polish,
navel,
point of view,
pokemon (creature),
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red ribbon,
redjetpatreon,
ribbon,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
title:marnie v3,
title:マリィ,
twintails,
watermark,
web address,
ポケットモン,
ポケットモンスターソードシールド,
マリィ,