1 female,
1girl,
5 toes,
2019,
animal ears,
animal tail,
animal_ears,
annoyed,
ass,
barefoot,
beach,
beach towel,
beach umbrella,
beach_towel,
beach_umbrella,
beverage,
bikini,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
bottle,
breasts,
bunny ears,
bunny tail,
bunny_ears,
bunny_tail,
butt,
butt crack,
camera,
camera phone,
cellphone,
cellphone camera,
cellphone picture,
cellphone_camera,
censored,
character:elin,
character:elin (tera),
character:solaire of astora,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bunny ears,
clothing:panties,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:striped bikini,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:underwear,
cloud,
contentious content,
convenient censoring,
convenient censorship,
convenient_censoring,
crazy straw,
creator:ardanid,
creator:nestkeeper,
cup,
curled hair,
curly hair,
curly_hair,
day,
detailed background,
digital media (artwork),
drinking,
drinking glass,
drinking straw,
drinking_glass,
drinking_straw,
duo,
ears,
elin,
elin (tera),
fanart,
feet,
female,
fingers,
from behind,
from_behind,
fur,
gender:female,
hair,
hands,
heart straw,
hi res,
high resolution,
holding,
holding object,
legs,
legs up,
legs_up,
light body,
light skin,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
looking_at_viewer,
looking_back,
lying,
medium:censored,
medium:convenient censoring,
medium:detailed background,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:video game,
meme,
meta:2019,
meta:censored,
meta:commentary request,
meta:commission,
meta:contentious content,
meta:digital media (artwork),
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:korean commentary,
mostly nude,
nestkeeper,
ocean,
on front,
on stomach,
on towel,
on_stomach,
outdoors,
outside,
page:1,
panties,
pantsu,
panty pull,
parasol,
pattern bikini,
pattern clothing,
pattern swimwear,
phone,
point of view,
pout,
pouting,
pov,
praise the sun,
prone,
purple eyes,
purple_eyes,
rabbit ears,
rabbit tail,
rating:adult,
rating:questionable,
sand,
sea,
seashell,
seaside,
series:dark souls,
series:fromsoftware,
series:tera,
series:tera online,
series:tera_online,
shell,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
side-tie_bikini,
silver hair,
silver_hair,
sky,
small breasts,
small_breasts,
smartphone,
solo focus,
solo_focus,
species:ambient sealife,
species:ambient starfish,
species:animal humanoid,
species:asterozoan,
species:echinoderm,
species:elin,
species:elin (tera),
species:humanoid,
species:lagomorph,
species:lagomorph humanoid,
species:leporid humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:marine,
species:rabbit humanoid,
species:starfish,
spread legs,
spread_legs,
spreading,
striped,
striped bikini,
striped clothing,
striped swimsuit,
striped swimwear,
striped_bikini,
stripes,
stripped bikini,
studio:from software,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tail,
tera,
tera online,
thighs,
title:a elin on the beach,
toes,
topfreedom,
topless,
towel,
umbrella,
underage,
underwear,
untied,
untied bikini,
untied_bikini,
video games,
water,
white body,
white fur,
white hair,
year:2019,
young,
伏臥,
尻神様,
縞ビキニ,