4 females,
4girls,
> <,
>_<,
ahoge,
alternate costume,
antenna hair,
ass,
bikini,
blonde hair,
blue hair,
blue shorts,
blue sky,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
butt crack,
character:alisa reinford,
character:laura s. arseid,
character:laura s. arzeid,
character:millium orion,
character:musse egret,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue shorts,
clothing:denim shorts,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:short shorts,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
cloud,
collarbone,
creator:kagura yuuto,
creator:pixiv id 273264,
day,
denim,
denim shorts,
eyes closed,
female,
floating hair,
flower,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
gender:female,
green bikini,
green hair,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
long hair,
medium breasts,
meta:character request,
multi-strapped bikini,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
o-ring,
o-ring bikini,
official alternate costume,
one-piece swimsuit,
outdoors,
outside,
partially submerged,
ponytail,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red eyes,
school swimsuit,
series:eiyuu densetsu,
series:eiyuu densetsu: sen no kiseki iii,
series:falcom,
series:sen no kiseki,
shiny,
shiny hair,
short hair,
short shorts,
shorts,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sideboob,
sky,
standing,
stomach,
sukumizu,
sun,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
thigh strap,
tied hair,
two side up,
underboob,
very long hair,
wading,
water,
white flower,
yellow eyes,