1 female,
1girl,
2d,
adjusting hair,
anime,
anime girls,
arms behind head,
art,
artist name,
artwork,
bangs,
bikini,
bikini bottom,
bikini bottom only,
black hair,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
breasts,
character:ishtar (fate),
character:ishtar (fate) (all),
character:ishtar (fate/grand order),
character:tohsaka rin,
chungmechanic,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini bottom,
clothing:crop top,
clothing:panties,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:string panties,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:t-shirt,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:wet clothes,
clothing:white bikini bottom,
clothing:white shirt,
creator:chunglt195,
creator:chungmechanic,
creator:pixiv id 12857516,
crop top,
dark hair,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
fanart,
fate/grandorder,
female,
from side,
gender:female,
huge breasts,
in profile,
long hair,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:artist name,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:artist name,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
navel,
no bra,
no pants,
panties,
pantsu,
pixiv id 12857516,
portrait display,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
red eyes,
see-through,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/grand order,
series:fate/stay night,
shirt,
short sleeves,
side-tie bikini,
simple background,
skindentation,
solo,
stomach,
string panties,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
t-shirt,
title:イシュタル,
two side up,
underwear,
vertical,
wet,
wet clothes,
wet shirt,
wet t-shirt,
white background,
white bikini,
white bikini bottom,
white shirt,
white swimsuit,
アニメ,
イシュタル,
イシュタル(fate),
パンティ,
ビキニ,
女の子,
巨乳,