1 female,
1girl,
armpits,
arms up,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
bangs,
bare legs,
barefoot,
bikini,
black bikini,
black swimsuit,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
character:ruty (mafuyu),
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:hood,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:mafuyu (chibi21),
dakimakura,
dakimakura (medium),
demon girl,
demon tail,
demon wings,
drawstring,
earrings,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyes visible through hair,
fang,
fangs,
feet,
female,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
gender:female,
gluteal fold,
grey jacket,
groin,
hair ornament,
hair over one eye,
hand up,
heart,
heart earrings,
heterochromia,
hood,
hood down,
hooded jacket,
jacket,
jewelry,
layered bikini,
legs,
light brown hair,
loli face,
long hair,
long sleeves,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:dakimakura,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:multiple views,
medium:sample,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:commentary request,
meta:has bad revision,
meta:has downscaled revision,
meta:highres,
meta:sample,
multicolored hair,
multiple views,
navel,
nipples,
off shoulder,
open clothes,
open jacket,
parted lips,
purple eyes,
purple hair,
rating:adult,
rating:e,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
ruty (mafuyu),
sample,
sample watermark,
series:original,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sleeves past wrists,
species:demon,
stomach,
streaked hair,
stuffed toy,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tail,
thigh gap,
thighs,
toes,
very long hair,
wing hair ornament,
wings,