1 female,
1girl,
2d,
ahoge,
anime,
anime girls,
anthropomorphization,
arm at side,
artwork,
asymmetrical hair,
azur lane,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
black bikini,
black swimsuit,
blush,
bodypart:bare arms,
bodypart:breasts,
bodypart:collarbone,
bodypart:groin,
bodypart:hair bangs,
bodypart:long hair,
bodypart:navel,
bodypart:stomach,
bodypart:yellow eyes,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:yande.re,
breasts,
character:zara (azur lane),
character:zara (poolside coincidence) (azur lane),
clavicle,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:halterneck,
clothing:multi-strapped bikini,
clothing:o-ring bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
creator:asla yu,
creator:pixiv id 18061021,
creator:yukikiri,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
gender:female,
goggles,
goggles on head,
groin,
group:highleg,
group:holding,
group:o-ring,
hair between eyes,
hairstyle:side ponytail,
hairstyle:tied hair,
halterneck,
hand up,
high resolution,
highleg,
highleg bikini,
highleg swimsuit,
holding,
holding towel,
large breasts,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:md5 mismatch,
meta:safe,
multi-strapped bikini,
navel,
o-ring,
o-ring bikini,
pixiv id 18061021,
point of view,
ponytail,
portrait display,
pov,
pulled by self,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red hair,
series:azur lane,
side ponytail,
simple background,
skindentation,
smile,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
strap pull,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
towel,
vertical,
very high resolution,
wet,
white background,
white towel,
yellow eyes,
yukikiri,
zara (azur lane),
zara (poolside coincidence) (azur lane),