1 female,
1girl,
2d,
anime,
anime girls,
arms behind head,
arms up,
artwork,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
black bikini,
black swimsuit,
blonde hair,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
bow,
breasts,
character:yakumo yukari,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:red bow ornament,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:white legwear,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
creator:taki sandstone,
creator:tksand,
creator:tksand_tomika,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
gender:female,
groin,
hair between eyes,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
halterneck,
hat,
hat ribbon,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium breasts,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
mob cap,
navel,
nose blush,
pixiv work:77078717,
portrait display,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
red bow,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
ribbon trim,
ribbon-trimmed legwear,
series:touhou,
series:touhou project,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sidelocks,
simple background,
solo,
standing,
stomach,
sweat,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
taki sandstone,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
title:keeping the thighs tucked in tightly..,
title:黒ビキニゆかりん,
vertical,
very long hair,
white background,
white headwear,
white legwear,
white thighhighs,
yellow eyes,
ゆかぱい,
ホールドアップ,
八雲紫,
挟まれたい谷間/魅惑の谷間,
撫で回したいお腹,
東方,
東方project1000users入り,
東方紐水着,
魅惑の腰つき,
黒ビキニ,