5 females,
5girls,
achikita chinami,
ahoge,
asuka hina,
bird,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blue shirt,
blush,
blush stickers,
booru:danbooru,
bow,
braid,
brown hair,
brown skirt,
buttons,
candy,
character:achikita chinami,
character:asuka hina,
character:gonzalez (machita chima),
character:machita chima,
character:otogibara era,
character:warabeda meijii,
chibi,
chick,
clothing:blue shirt,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:puffy short sleeves,
clothing:puffy sleeves,
clothing:red skirt,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bow,
clothing:white footwear,
clothing:white legwear,
clothing:yellow bow,
creator:hoppege,
creator:hoppegesan3103,
eighth note,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
flower,
food,
garrison cap,
gender:female,
gloves,
green eyes,
hair between eyes,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hair:pink hair,
hairclip,
heart,
holding,
holding microphone,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
meta:photoshop (medium),
microphone,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
musical note,
one-piece swimsuit,
open mouth,
orange hair,
oversized object,
page:5,
paw gloves,
paws,
pink hair,
pixiv work:76207547,
pov,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
quarter note,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red hood,
red skirt,
seed,
series:nijisanji,
series:seed,
series:virtual youtuber,
shirt,
short hair,
short sleeves,
skirt,
smile,
species:avian,
species:bird,
sunflower seed,
swimsuit,
tied hair,
title:c96・四日目 南ウ-09a 新刊有ります,
twin braids,
twintails,
very long hair,
virtual youtuber,
waving,
white bow,
white footwear,
white legwear,
yellow bow,
yellow eyes,