1 female,
1girl,
animal ears,
asymmetrical legwear,
bikini,
bikini top,
bikini top only,
black hairband,
black legwear,
blue eyes,
body markings,
bodypart:animal ears,
bodypart:blue eyes,
bodypart:breasts,
bodypart:dark skin,
bodypart:dog ears,
bodypart:ears,
bodypart:large breasts,
bodypart:navel,
bodypart:silver hair,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
border,
bra,
breasts,
character:caenis (fate),
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini top,
clothing:black hairband,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:bra,
clothing:hairband,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:single thigh-high,
clothing:single thighhigh,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white border,
creator:kisaragi (legobionicle23),
creator:kisaragi tsurugi,
creator:kisaragi_tsurugi,
cutoffs,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
dog ears,
ears,
feet out of frame,
gender:female,
gradient,
gradient background,
grin,
hair intakes,
hairband,
jacket,
large breasts,
leg up,
markings,
medium:gradient background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:questionable,
navel,
ponytail holder,
raised leg,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/grand order,
silver hair,
single thigh-high,
single thighhigh,
smile,
stomach,
studded jacket,
swimsuit,
tattoo,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
underwear,
white border,