2 females,
2girls,
alternate hairstyle,
alternative hairstyle,
asymmetrical hair,
ball,
bangs,
beachball,
bikini,
bikini top,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown hair,
character:dual persona,
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:serena (pokemon),
character:serena (pokémon),
clavicle,
closed eyes,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini top,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:orange bikini,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
cloud,
cloudy sky,
collarbone,
creator:pixiv id 3051326,
creator:takecha,
creator:twilight,
criss-cross halter,
dual persona,
duo,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyes closed,
facing viewer,
female,
flower,
gender:female,
groin,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
halter top,
halterneck,
hand holding,
holding,
holding ball,
holding hands,
holding object,
innertube,
interlocked fingers,
knees together feet apart,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium breasts,
medium:high resolution,
meta:highres,
midriff,
multi-strapped bikini,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
nail polish,
navel,
ocean,
orange bikini,
orange nails,
outdoors,
outside,
pink bikini,
polka dot,
polka dot bikini,
polka dot bikini top,
ponytail,
pov,
protagonist (pokemon),
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red flower,
ribbon,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (anime),
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon the series: xy,
series:pokemon x & y,
series:pokemon xy,
series:pokemon xy (anime),
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon (anime),
series:pokémon x & y,
shiny,
shiny hair,
shiny skin,
short hair,
side ponytail,
side-tie bikini,
sky,
standing,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
sunset,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thigh gap,
tied hair,
twilight,
underboob,
yellow ribbon,