2 females,
2girls,
30x113mm,
ah-64 apache,
aim-9 sidewinder,
aim-54 phoenix,
air-to-air missile,
air-to-surface missile,
aircraft,
airplane,
ammunition,
ammunition chute,
animal tail,
anti-materiel cartridge,
armband,
assault rifle,
attack helicopter,
autocannon,
bangs,
barefoot,
battle rifle,
beach,
beyond-visual-range missile,
bikini,
black gloves,
blue hair,
blue sky,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
bracelet,
braid,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
cannon,
cannon cartridge,
chain gun,
character:ah-64 apache,
closed mouth,
clothes around waist,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black gloves,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
creator:jet,
creator:mikeran (mikelan),
day,
dog tail,
drop tank,
dutch angle,
elbow rest,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
f-14 tomcat,
feet,
fighter jet,
firearm,
flying,
food,
full-power cartridge,
gender:female,
gloves,
green eyes,
green shirt,
grey shorts,
gun,
gunship,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hand on chest,
hand on own chest,
hand on own thigh,
helicopter,
helicopter gunship,
howa type 64,
jet,
jewelry,
large-caliber cartridge,
leaning,
leaning forward,
legs,
long hair,
long sleeves,
looking at another,
m230 chain gun,
magnum cartridge,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:partial commentary,
mikeran (mikelan),
military,
military cartridge,
military vehicle,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple others,
navel,
ocean,
open mouth,
outdoors,
outside,
palm tree,
partial,
partial commentary,
pilot,
popsicle,
pouch,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
rifle,
roundel,
scope,
series:original,
shirt,
short hair,
shorts,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
single glove,
skull and crossbones,
sky,
sleeves rolled up,
smile,
standing,
stomach,
swimsuit,
tail,
thigh strap,
tied hair,
tree,
twintails,
united states navy,
us navy,
vehicle,
vehicle focus,
waving,
weapon,
white bikini,
white swimsuit,