1 female,
1girl,
5 fingers,
5_fingers,
;d,
accessory,
ahoge,
artwork:digital media,
bikini,
birthday,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:konno yuuki,
character:konno_yuuki,
character:yuuki (sao),
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
commentary,
cowboy shot,
creator:dani6969,
creator:kawase seiki,
creator:カワセセイキ こみﾄﾚニ28a,
digital media (artwork),
ears,
eyelashes,
face:;d,
fairy,
female,
fingers,
fisheye,
fisheye lens,
flower,
flower in hair,
flower_in_hair,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
front-tie_top,
gender:female,
glistening,
glistening body,
glistening skin,
glistening_body,
glistening_skin,
hair,
hair accessory,
hair flower,
hair intakes,
hair ornament,
hair_accessory,
hair_intakes,
hairband,
hi res,
horizon,
humanoid pointy ears,
humanoid_pointy_ears,
long ears,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:digital media (artwork),
meta:digital_media_(artwork),
meta:hi res,
meta:hi_res,
meta:highres,
meta:md5 mismatch,
meta:portrait,
meta:resolution mismatch,
meta:source smaller,
meta:three-quarter portrait,
meta:three-quarter_portrait,
nail polish,
navel,
not furry,
not_furry,
one eye closed,
one_eye_closed,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
orange eyes,
orange_eyes,
panties,
pattern bikini,
pattern clothing,
pattern swimwear,
pattern wristband,
pattern_bikini,
pattern_clothing,
pattern_swimwear,
pattern_wristband,
pixiv work:74914807,
plaid,
plaid bikini,
plaid clothing,
plaid swimwear,
plaid wristband,
plaid_bikini,
plaid_clothing,
plaid_swimwear,
plaid_wristband,
plant,
point of view,
pointed ears,
pointy ears,
portrait,
pov,
purple bikini,
purple clothing,
purple hair,
purple swimwear,
purple_bikini,
purple_clothing,
purple_hair,
purple_swimwear,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red eyes,
red hairband,
sao,
sao1000users入り,
series:sword art online,
shiny,
shiny skin,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
side-tie_bikini,
sidelocks,
simple background,
simple_background,
small breasts,
small_breasts,
smile,
solo,
species:elf,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
splashing,
standing,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
teeth,
thick thighs,
thick_thighs,
thighs,
three-quarter portrait,
title:ユウキ誕生日2019,
tongue,
underwear,
very long hair,
water,
wink,
wristband,
チェック柄ビキニ,
ユウキ,
ユウキ(sao),