1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
arm strap,
arrow (symbol),
artist name,
backlighting,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
belly chain,
belt,
belt buckle,
belt pouch,
big breasts,
black choker,
black gloves,
black legwear,
blue eyes,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:rule34.xxx,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
borderlands,
bracelet,
breast tattoo,
brown belt,
brown hair,
buckle,
bullet,
bullet hole,
buttons,
category:ine,
chain,
character:mad moxxi,
choker,
cleavage,
clothing:belt,
clothing:black gloves,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:choker,
clothing:corset,
clothing:detached sleeves,
clothing:dress,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:fingerless gloves,
clothing:fishnet,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:mismatched sleeves,
clothing:petticoat,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:sleeveless dress,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:striped legwear,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:torn clothes,
coin,
collarbone,
colored nails,
corset,
cowboy shot,
creator:mirco cabbia,
creator:mirco cabbia (sciamano240),
creator:sciamano240,
dated,
detached sleeves,
directional arrow,
double breasted,
double-breasted,
dress,
earrings,
emerald (gemstone),
english text,
eyeliner,
eyeshadow,
fan art,
female,
female only,
finger on trigger,
fingerless gloves,
firearm,
fishnet legwear,
fishnet sleeves,
fishnets,
flipped hair,
frills,
garter,
gem,
gender:female,
gloves,
grey legwear,
grin,
gun,
hair bun,
hair over one eye,
hand on hip,
hand up,
handgun,
hat,
heart,
heart tattoo,
hip focus,
holding,
holding megaphone,
holster,
holstered weapon,
indoors,
inside,
jar,
jewelry,
language:english,
large breasts,
leg tattoo,
legs together,
legwear,
lights,
lips,
lipstick,
long sleeves,
looking at viewer,
loose belt,
makeup,
mascara,
mature,
mature woman,
medium:artist name,
medium:dated,
medium:digital 2d,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:text,
medium:very high resolution,
megaphone,
meta:artist name,
meta:highres,
meta:pinup,
meta:signature,
milf,
mismatched legwear,
mismatched sleeves,
mole,
mole above mouth,
money,
moxxi,
multiple belts,
nail polish,
night,
night sky,
no bra,
o-ring,
off shoulder,
off-shoulder,
one eye covered,
parted lips,
petticoat,
pin-up,
pinup,
pistol,
point of view,
pouch,
pov,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red earrings,
red lipstick,
red nails,
ribbed dress,
rouge (makeup),
running makeup,
running mascara,
runny makeup,
series:borderlands,
series:borderlands 2,
series:borderlands 3,
showgirl skirt,
side slit,
sideboob,
sidelocks,
sign,
signature,
silver eyes,
skirt,
skull,
sky,
sleeveless,
sleeveless dress,
smile,
solo,
spiked bracelet,
spikes,
standing,
star (sky),
starry sky,
stars,
strapless,
striped,
striped legwear,
striped sleeves,
swept bangs,
tassel,
tassel earrings,
tattoo,
text,
thigh strap,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
title:moxxi - borderlands 3,
top hat,
torn clothes,
torn legwear,
torn sleeves,
twitter,
wavy hair,
weapon,
window,