1 female,
1girl,
armwear,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
bangs,
bare shoulders,
between breasts,
bikini,
bikini bottom,
bikini top,
black bikini,
black bow,
black necktie,
black neckwear,
black swimsuit,
blue eyes,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
bow,
braid,
breasts,
brooch,
character:izayoi sakuya,
character:sakuya izayoi,
cleavage,
clothes between breasts,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:garter,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:micro bikini,
clothing:necktie,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white gloves,
creator:taki sandstone,
creator:tksand,
creator:tksand_tomika,
cup,
dagger,
detached collar,
elbow gloves,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
frilled bikini,
frills,
garter,
gender:female,
gloves,
gluteal fold,
hair between eyes,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hairbow,
hand up,
hatate:tagged,
holding,
holding object,
holding tray,
jewelry,
knife,
large breasts,
looking at viewer,
maid,
maid bikini,
maid headdress,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
melee weapon,
meta:2019,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
micro bikini,
navel,
necktie,
necktie between breasts,
pixiv work:77813592,
point of view,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
revealing clothes,
series:touhou,
series:touhou project,
short hair,
silver hair,
simple background,
solo,
stomach,
sweat,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
taki sandstone,
teacup,
teapot,
thigh gap,
thigh strap,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:咲夜さん,
tray,
twin braids,
waitress,
weapon,
white background,
white gloves,
エロ衣装,
ネクパイ,
メイドビキニ,
ロンググローブ,
前から見えるお尻,
剥ぎ取りたいパンツ,
十六夜咲夜,
巨乳長,
挟まれたい太もも,
挟まれたい谷間/魅惑の谷間,
東方,
東方project3000users入り,
東方project5000users入り,