1 female,
1girl,
bikini,
bikini bottom,
bikini top,
character:jane (king's raid),
choker,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini bottom,
clothing:bikini top,
clothing:choker,
clothing:frilled choker,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bikini,
clothing:white bikini bottom,
clothing:white bikini top,
creator:ahr tato,
creator:user ktxf5744,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyes visible through hair,
flower,
frilled choker,
frills,
gender:female,
groin,
hair flower,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
holding,
holding hair,
jane (king's raid),
long hair,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
purple hair,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
sarong,
series:king's raid,
sidelocks,
solo,
standing,
swimsuit,
teeth,
tied hair,
twintails,
user ktxf5744,
very long hair,
wavy hair,
white background,
white bikini,
white bikini bottom,
white bikini top,
white flower,
white sarong,
wristband,