1 female,
1girl,
afloat,
arms up,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blue swimsuit,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:gen 7 pokemon,
character:lana (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:pokemon species,
character:popplio,
character:suiren (pokemon),
character:trial captain,
clavicle,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
creator:rocha (aloha ro cha),
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
from above,
gen 7 pokemon,
gender:female,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hairband,
in water,
innertube,
looking at viewer,
lying,
medium:4:3 aspect ratio,
medium:high resolution,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
navel,
one-piece swimsuit,
partially submerged,
pokemon (creature),
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rocha (aloha ro cha),
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sm,
series:pokemon sun & moon,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sun & moon,
short hair,
small breasts,
solo,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
species:popplio,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
trial captain,
viewed from above,
water,