1 female,
1 male,
1:1 aspect ratio,
1boy,
1girl,
10s,
alternate form,
alternative form,
arm support,
axew,
bag,
baseball cap,
beheeyem,
blitzle,
blue eyes,
boots,
brown hair,
character:axew,
character:beheeyem,
character:black kyurem,
character:blitzle,
character:darumaka,
character:druddigon,
character:ferroseed,
character:foongus,
character:gothitelle,
character:hilbert (pokemon),
character:hilda (pokemon),
character:jellicent,
character:joltik,
character:kyurem,
character:landorus,
character:landorus (incarnate),
character:litwick,
character:munna,
character:oshawott,
character:palpitoad,
character:patrat,
character:pokemon (creature),
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:purrloin,
character:roggenrola,
character:sewaddle,
character:snivy,
character:solosis,
character:stunfisk,
character:tepig,
character:touko (pokemon),
character:touya (pokemon),
character:trubbish,
character:tynamo,
character:vanillite,
character:whimsicott,
character:white kyurem,
character:zweilous,
clothing:boots,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:messenger bag,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:shoulder bag,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
copyright name,
creator:ototoi,
cross-laced footwear,
darumaka,
druddigon,
female,
ferroseed,
foongus,
footwear,
game console,
gen 5 pokemon,
gender:female,
gender:male,
giant,
giantess,
gothitelle,
hair:brown,
hair:long,
hair:short,
handheld game console,
hat,
hilbert (pokemon),
hilda (pokemon),
holding handheld game console,
huge giant,
huge giantess,
jellicent,
joltik,
kyurem,
lace-up boots,
landorus,
landscape,
legendary pokemon,
litwick,
long hair,
macro,
male,
map,
messenger bag,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
multiple giants,
munna,
nintendo 3ds,
nintendo ds,
oshawott,
ototoi,
palpitoad,
patrat,
playing games,
poke ball symbol,
pokemon,
pokemon (creature),
pokemon (game),
pokemon black 2 &amp; white 2,
pokemon black &amp; white,
pokemon character,
pokemon species,
ponytail,
protagonist (pokemon),
purrloin,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
roggenrola,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:nintendo 3ds,
series:nintendo ds,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon black & white,
series:pokemon bw,
series:pokemon bw2,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon black & white,
series:pokémon black & white 2,
sewaddle,
shirt,
short hair,
short shorts,
shorts,
shoulder bag,
size difference,
sleeveless,
snivy,
solosis,
species:axew,
species:beheeyem,
species:black kyurem,
species:blitzle,
species:darumaka,
species:druddigon,
species:ferroseed,
species:foongus,
species:gothitelle,
species:jellicent,
species:joltik,
species:kyurem,
species:landorus,
species:legendary pokémon,
species:litwick,
species:monster,
species:munna,
species:oshawott,
species:palpitoad,
species:patrat,
species:pokemon,
species:pokémon,
species:purrloin,
species:roggenrola,
species:sewaddle,
species:snivy,
species:solosis,
species:stunfisk,
species:tepig,
species:trubbish,
species:tynamo,
species:vanillite,
species:whimsicott,
species:white kyurem,
species:zweilous,
starter pokemon trio,
studio:nintendo,
stunfisk,
tepig,
tied hair,
title drop,
trubbish,
tynamo,
vanillite,
vest,
whimsicott,
wristband,
zweilous,