2 females,
2girls,
2017,
animal ears,
animal tail,
animal_ears,
apron,
aqua eyes,
aqua_eyes,
artist:tachimi (basue),
ass,
bare shoulders,
bare_shoulders,
bed,
bed sheet,
bedding,
blonde hair,
blonde_hair,
blue eyes,
blush,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:sankaku channel,
bottomwear,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
brown_hair,
character:original character,
child,
cleavage,
clip studio paint,
clipstudiopaint,
clothing,
clothing:apron,
clothing:collar,
clothing:dress,
clothing:knee-high legwear,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:panties,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:striped panties,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:tagme,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white legwear,
collar,
collarbone,
convenient censorship,
copyright:original,
creator:basue,
creator:tachimi,
creator:tachimi (basue),
creator:tachimi_(basue),
creator:たちみ,
curtains,
dog ears,
dog girl,
dog tail,
dog_ears,
dog_tail,
dress,
dressing,
duo,
ears,
fang,
fangs,
female,
female on female,
female/female,
flat chest,
fox girl,
fox_girl,
furniture,
gender:female,
gender:male,
hair,
headdress,
headphones,
hi res,
highres,
indoors,
inner ear fluff,
inside,
knee highs,
kneehighs,
kneeling,
lesbian,
lingerie,
loli,
long hair,
long_hair,
maid,
maid apron,
maid headdress,
maid uniform,
maid_apron,
maid_headdress,
medium breasts,
medium:2d art,
medium:censored,
medium:convenient censoring,
medium:high resolution,
meta:2017,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:original character,
meta:tagme,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple_girls,
on bed,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
original,
original character,
panties,
pantsu,
pattern bottomwear,
pattern clothing,
pattern panties,
pattern underwear,
pixiv illustration:62564510,
pixiv work:62564510,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:clip studio paint,
series:original,
shimapan,
short hair,
short sleeves,
short_hair,
short_sleeves,
small breasts,
small_breasts,
smile,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:dog,
species:dog humanoid,
species:fox,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:wolf humanoid,
striped,
striped bottomwear,
striped clothing,
striped panties,
striped underwear,
striped_panties,
stripes,
tachimi_(basue),
tagme,
tail,
title:ほら、じっとして,
tuft,
underwear,
undressing,
uniform,
white legwear,
white_legwear,
window,
year:2017,
yellow eyes,
yellow_eyes,
young,
yuri,
じゃれ合い,
メイド,
栗みたいな口しやがって,
犬耳,