1 female,
1girl,
animal ears,
animal humanoid,
animal tail,
armpits,
bare shoulders,
bike shorts,
blonde,
blonde hair,
booru:e621,
booru:sankaku channel,
borrowed character,
bottomwear,
breasts,
butt visible from the front,
camel toe,
cameltoe,
character:borrowed character,
character:kokonoe tsubaki,
child,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bike shorts,
clothing:bottomwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
covered erect nipples,
creator:taishi,
creator:taishi (picchiridou),
creator:taishiww,
creator:＿太子,
creator:＿太子⭕️,
cub,
ears,
erect nipples,
female,
fox ears,
fox humanoid,
fox tail,
gender:female,
gluteal fold,
green eyes,
groin,
hair,
hands on hips,
hi res,
hips,
humanoid,
kitsunemimi,
kokonoe tsubaki,
leggings,
legwear,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:simple background,
meta:borrowed character,
meta:original character,
midriff,
mound of venus,
multi tail,
multiple tails,
navel,
nipples,
original 1000 users bookmark,
pixiv work:48046214,
pose,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:borrowed character,
series:original,
shirt,
shorts,
simple background,
sleeveless,
sleeveless shirt,
small breasts,
smile,
solo,
source:http://i3.pixiv.net/img-original/img/2015/01/07/18/53/14/48046214 p0.jpg,
spats,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:fox,
species:fox humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
standing,
stomach,
tag source:e621,
tail,
tailwag,
taishi,
taishi (picchiridou),
title:椿スパッツ！,
young,
おへそ,
よそのこ,
オリジナル1000users入り,
スパッツ,
スポブラ+スパッツ,
九重椿,
前から見えるお尻,
極上のスジ,
極上の貧乳,
狐耳,