1 female,
accessory,
animal ears,
animal tail,
anus,
artist:diabolic-mario,
ass,
blush,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
censored,
character:konoha,
character:konoha (arcana heart),
clitoris,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:buruma,
clothing:fingerless gloves,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:gym uniform,
clothing:headband,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:topwear,
clothing:white clothing,
clothing:white shirt,
clothing:white topwear,
copyright:arcana heart,
creator:diabolic-mario1189,
creator:mario7111189,
creator:m＠:rio,
dog ears,
dog tail,
ears,
female,
fishnet,
fishnet legwear,
fishnets,
fluffy,
fluffy tail,
gender:female,
genitalia,
genitals,
gloves,
guro,
hair,
headband,
hi res,
high resolution,
legwear,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
medium:high resolution,
medium:mosaic censoring,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:censored,
meta:explicit content,
meta:hi res,
meta:mosaic censorship,
meta:nsfw,
mosaic censorship,
navel,
ninja,
nude,
open mouth,
partially clothed,
pixiv work:43981236,
pussy,
r-18,
raised clothing,
raised shirt,
raised topwear,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
ripped panties,
scarf,
series:arcana heart,
shirt,
short hair,
simple background,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:dog humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
stomach,
tail,
title:アルカナハート３lm発売おめ的な！,
topwear,
torn clothes,
underage,
uniform,
upside down,
white background,
white clothing,
white shirt,
white topwear,
young,