1 male,
1boy,
bangs,
bikini,
bikini skirt,
black bow,
blue bikini,
blue swimsuit,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
bow,
braid,
character:astolfo (fate),
character:astolfo (sparkling frills) (fate),
character:black rider,
clavicle,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
cloud,
clouds,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
creator:mochi nabe,
day,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
fang,
fangs,
femboy,
feminine male,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genre:crossdressing,
genre:otoko no ko,
genre:trap,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hair:pink hair,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
male,
male focus,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:cowboy shot,
medium:focus on male character,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
metadata:absurdres,
metadata:commentary request,
metadata:highres,
mochi nabe,
navel,
off shoulder,
off-shoulder,
off-shoulder bikini,
off-shoulder swimsuit,
official alternate costume,
open mouth,
otoko no ko,
pink bow,
pink hair,
pixiv id 28181937,
point of view,
pov,
purple eyes,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
ribbon,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/apocrypha,
series:fate/extella,
series:fate/extella link,
series:fate/extra,
series:fate/grand order,
single braid,
site:gelbooru,
site:sankaku,
smile,
solo,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
tied hair,
trap,
violet eyes,
water,