1 female,
1girl,
animal ears,
animal_ears,
arm support,
arm_support,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
bare_arms,
bare_shoulders,
beast ears,
black choker,
black hair,
black_choker,
black_hair,
blue sailor collar,
blue_sailor_collar,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
catgirl,
chain-link fence,
chain-link_fence,
character:neko mimi,
choker,
closed mouth,
closed_mouth,
clothing:blue sailor collar,
clothing:choker,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white swimsuit,
collarbone,
cowboy shot,
cowboy_shot,
creator:731090,
creator:fufumi,
day,
ears,
english text,
eyebrows behind hair,
eyebrows hidden by hair,
eyebrows_behind_hair,
fence,
flower,
gender:female,
girl,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hair_between_eyes,
hair_ornament,
hairclip,
hairpins,
hibiscus,
language:english,
loli,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:english text,
medium:high resolution,
medium:text,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:original character,
meta:translation request,
meta:translation_request,
mizugi,
nekomimi,
one-piece swimsuit,
one-piece_swimsuit,
original,
original 1000+ bookmarks,
outdoors,
outside,
pixiv profile:11008221,
pixiv work:77159366,
pool,
pool ladder,
pool_ladder,
poster girl,
pov,
purple eyes,
purple_eyes,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red flower,
red_flower,
sailor collar,
sailor one-piece swimsuit,
sailor swimsuit,
sailor_collar,
sailor_one-piece_swimsuit,
school swimsuit,
see-through,
series:original,
showgirl,
sign,
solo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
text,
title:dry martini,
towel,
very long hair,
very_long_hair,
water,
wet,
white one-piece swimsuit,
white swimsuit,
white_swimsuit,
young,
オリジナル,
オリジナル1000users入り,
スク水,
ハイビスカス,
ロリ,
女の子,
水着,
猫耳娘,
獣耳,
看板娘,