1 female,
1girl,
;d,
animal backpack,
animal bag,
aqua eyes,
arm behind back,
bag,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
black jacket,
black ribbon,
blonde hair,
blue bikini,
blue jacket,
blue pants,
blue sailor collar,
blue skirt,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:konachan.com,
breasts,
brown footwear,
brown legwear,
brown pantyhose,
brown-framed eyewear,
character:kotohara hinari,
closed mouth,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:blue sailor collar,
clothing:blue skirt,
clothing:brown legwear,
clothing:collared shirt,
clothing:dress,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:glasses,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:pants,
clothing:pantyhose,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:sailor collar,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:white dress,
clothing:white shirt,
collared shirt,
creator:tama (tama-s),
dress,
eyewear,
face:;d,
fang,
fangs,
footwear,
gender:female,
glasses,
grin,
hair bun,
hair ribbon,
innertube,
jacket,
kotohara hinari,
leaning,
leaning forward,
legwear,
loafers,
long hair,
long sleeves,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:multiple views,
multiple views,
off shoulder,
off-shoulder,
one eye closed,
open clothes,
open jacket,
open mouth,
pants,
pantyhose,
pink dress,
pleated skirt,
ponytail,
rating:adult,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
ribbon,
sailor collar,
school uniform,
series:amaryllis class,
series:amaryllis gumi,
series:virtual youtuber,
shirt,
shoes,
simple background,
single hair bun,
skirt,
sleeveless,
sleeveless dress,
sleeves past fingers,
sleeves past wrists,
small breasts,
smile,
swim ring,
swimsuit,
tied hair,
twintails,
uniform,
virtual youtuber,
white,
white background,
white dress,
white shirt,
wink,