1 female,
1girl,
aqua eyes,
armlet,
bare shoulders,
belly chain,
bikini,
black hair,
blue eyes,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bra,
breasts,
character:drednaw,
character:gen 8 pokemon,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:pokemon species,
character:pokemon trainer,
character:rurina (pokemon),
clothing:armlet,
clothing:bra,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:sandals,
clothing:short shorts,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sports bra,
clothing:sportswear,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:underwear,
creator:eun bari,
creator:eunbari762,
dark skin,
dark-skinned female,
duo,
earrings,
eunbari762,
eyeliner,
eyeshadow,
female,
footwear,
full body,
gen 8 pokemon,
gender:female,
gloves,
gym leader,
gym shorts,
hair jewelry,
hair ornament,
hand on hip,
holding,
holding object,
holding poke ball,
holding poké ball,
hoop earrings,
jewelry,
large breasts,
long hair,
makeup,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
multicolored hair,
navel,
necklace,
page:2,
pixiv id 5026342,
poke ball,
pokemon (creature),
poké ball,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
short shorts,
shorts,
single glove,
solo,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
sports bra,
sportswear,
standing,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tankini,
teenage girl,
tight shorts,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
underwear,
wristband,
ルリナ,