1 female,
1 male,
1boy,
1girl,
1girls,
action:anal penetration,
action:anal stimulation,
action:insertion,
action:looking at viewer,
action:penetrative sex,
action:raising arms,
action:sex,
action:vaginal penetration,
action:vaginal sex,
anal,
anal penetration,
angry,
anus,
areola,
areolae,
armpits,
arms above head,
arms up,
artist:tsuna (al dente),
ass,
bangs,
bdsm,
beans,
black hair,
blush,
bodily fluids,
bodypart:anus,
bodypart:areolae,
bodypart:armpits,
bodypart:ass,
bodypart:black hair,
bodypart:blushing cheeks,
bodypart:breasts,
bodypart:genitalia,
bodypart:hair,
bodypart:hair bangs,
bodypart:horns,
bodypart:loli body type,
bodypart:navel,
bodypart:nipples,
bodypart:red eyes,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:teeth,
bondage,
booru:atfbooru.ninja,
booru:nijie.info,
booru:sankaku channel,
bottomless,
bound,
breasts,
breath,
censored,
chain,
chains,
clenched teeth,
clitoris,
clothed,
clothing,
colored skin,
creator:tsuna0,
creator:tsuna (al dente),
creator:ツナ,
crying,
crying with eyes open,
disembodied hand,
duo,
emotion:anger,
emotion:sadness,
erect clitoris,
erect nipples,
eyebrows,
fangs,
female,
female focus,
female:1,
flat chest,
food,
food fetish,
food insertion,
food play,
frown,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genital fluids,
genitalia,
genitals,
glaring,
guro,
hair,
heavy breathing,
hi res,
high resolution,
horn,
horns,
human,
humiliation,
improvised sex toy,
insertion,
interspecies,
legs,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
looking at viewer,
male,
male:1,
medium:2d art,
medium:censored,
medium:focus on female character,
medium:high resolution,
medium:mosaic censoring,
meta:3:4,
meta:censored,
meta:commentary request,
meta:explicit content,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:mosaic censorship,
meta:original character,
meta:tagme,
monster,
mosaic censorship,
navel,
nijie work:156820,
nipples,
not furry,
object insertion,
one breast out,
oni,
original character,
penetration,
pixiv work:55062910,
pov,
pussy,
pussy juice,
r-18,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
red body,
red eyes,
red skin,
restrained,
restraints,
saliva,
series:asian mythology,
series:east asian mythology,
series:japanese mythology,
series:mythology,
short hair,
small breasts,
solo focus,
soybean,
species:demon,
species:human,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mythical,
species:oni,
species:primate,
species:yōkai,
spread legs,
spreading,
steam,
stomach,
straight,
sweat,
tears,
teeth,
title:節分なので鬼娘を捕まえた,
torn clothes,
vagina,
vaginal,
vaginal penetration,
wet,
young,
ちっぱい,
節分,
鎖,
食物挿入,