1 female,
1girl,
bikini,
blue sky,
blush,
breasts,
brown hair,
character:mei (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:rosa (pokemon),
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
cloud,
creator:soraryu saworu,
creatures inc.,
day,
double bun,
female,
game freak,
gender:female,
green eyes,
high resolution,
in water,
large breasts,
large filesize,
leaning,
leaning forward,
loli face,
long hair,
low twintails,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
midriff,
navel,
nintendo,
ocean,
open mouth,
partially submerged,
pixiv id 14514615,
pokemon,
pokemon (game),
pokemon black 2 &amp; white 2,
pokemon character,
pokemon masters,
protagonist (pokemon),
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rosa (pokemon),
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon black 2 & white 2,
series:pokemon bw2,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon black & white 2,
side-tie bikini,
sky,
smile,
solo,
soraryu saworu,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
twintails,
very high resolution,
wading,
water,
white bikini,
white swimsuit,