1 female,
1 male,
2017,
<3,
after sex,
age difference,
anthro,
anthropomorphism,
ass,
balls,
beak,
beanie,
bent over,
bird,
black hair,
black pants,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blush,
blush stickers,
bodily fluids,
booru:e621,
breasts,
brendan,
brown eyes,
censor bar,
character:brendan,
character:brendan (pokemon),
character:brendan (pokémon),
character:gen 3 pokemon,
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:yuuki (pokemon),
child,
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:black pants,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:pants,
clothing:red shirt,
clothing:shirt,
colored sclera,
comic,
creator:0.05,
cum,
cumshot,
dialogue,
duo,
ejaculation,
erection,
eye contact,
eyes closed,
female,
female on human,
from behind,
fur,
furry,
gen 3 pokemon,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genital fluids,
genitals,
grass,
hair,
half-closed eyes,
hand up,
handjob,
hat,
hi res,
human on anthro,
ineffective censorship,
interspecies,
japanese text,
language:japanese,
large breasts,
larger female,
laughing,
leaning,
leaning forward,
long hair,
looking at another,
looking down,
looking to the side,
male,
male on anthro,
male/female,
medium:high resolution,
medium:japanese text,
medium:speech bubble,
medium:text,
medium:text focus,
meta:2017,
meta:censored,
meta:comic,
meta:hi res,
meta:japanese text,
meta:translated,
meta:translation request,
nipples,
nude,
older female,
open mouth,
orgasm,
outdoors,
outside,
pants,
penile,
penis,
plant,
platinum blonde hair,
poképhilia,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red body,
red fur,
red shirt,
river,
rock,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon ruby sapphire & emerald,
sex,
shirt,
short hair,
shota,
sitting,
size difference,
small penis,
smaller male,
smile,
species:avian,
species:bird,
species:blaziken,
species:generation 3 pokemon,
species:human,
species:mammal,
species:monster,
species:pokemon,
species:pokemon (species),
species:pokémon,
species:pokémon (species),
species:primate,
species:taillow,
standing,
stream,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
sweat,
talking,
text,
text focus,
translated,
video games,
wading,
water,
wet,
white hat,
white headwear,
year:2017,
yellow sclera,
young,
younger male,