1 female,
1girl,
2d,
anime,
anime girls,
artwork,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
breasts,
brown eyes,
character:hatsune miku,
character:shadow the hedgehog,
clavicle,
closed mouth,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:striped bikini,
clothing:striped pattern,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
creator:kagero1,
creator:memekko,
creator:mm2k,
creator:めめっこ,
creator:めめっこ@3日目西p24b,
creator:めめっこ@4日目南フ41-b,
creator:めめっこ@fanbox,
creator:めめっこ@土曜日東a36b,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
gender:female,
green hair,
groin,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hand up,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
miku,
mm2k,
navel,
page:2,
pixiv profile:16629961,
pixiv work:76559842,
playing with own hair,
portrait display,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
series:sonic the hedgehog,
series:vocaloid,
shadow,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
sidelocks,
small breasts,
solo,
stomach,
striped,
striped bikini,
striped swimsuit,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
teenage girl,
tied hair,
title:初音ミク 12th,
twintails,
vertical,
very long hair,
vocaloid,
vocaloid1000users入り,
white background,
初音ミク,
初音ミク生誕祭2019,
初音ミク誕生祭2019,
女の子,
少女,
水着,