2 females,
2girls,
10s,
:3,
:<,
:d,
accessory,
animal ears,
animal tail,
bad pixiv id,
bangs,
bell,
bell collar,
black clothing,
black hair,
black legwear,
black thighhighs,
blue eyes,
blunt bangs,
blush,
booru:e621,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
bow,
bow (feature),
bow accessory,
bow ribbon,
brown eyes,
cat ears,
cat tail,
character:chocola,
character:chocola (nekopara),
character:chocola (sayori),
character:chocolat,
character:chocolat (sayori),
character:vanilla,
character:vanilla (nekopara),
character:vanilla (sayori),
chibi,
chocola (sayori),
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bell collar,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:collar,
clothing:dress,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:over-kneehighs,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:tagme,
clothing:thigh-highs,
collar,
creator:sayori,
creator:sayori (neko works),
creator:sayori@nekoworks,
dress,
duo,
ears,
face::3,
face::<,
face::d,
female,
flower,
footwear,
fully clothed,
furgonomics,
gender:female,
gloves,
golden eyes,
goth,
gothic,
gothic lolita,
hair,
hair accessory,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hair tie,
hairband,
hand on own face,
hand to face,
handwear,
hi res,
high resolution,
highres,
interlocked fingers,
jewelry,
jingle bell,
legwear,
loli,
lolita,
lolita (fashion),
lolita fashion,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
low twintails,
mammal,
medium:high resolution,
medium:monochrome,
medium:plain background,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:digital media (artwork),
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:shaded,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
neck bell,
necklace,
nekomimi,
on one leg,
open mouth,
orange eyes,
original,
over-kneehighs,
payot,
pigeon toed,
pigeon-toed,
pigtails,
plain background,
point of view,
pov,
pupils,
rating:safe,
red footwear,
ribbon,
ribbons,
rose,
series:neko works,
series:nekopara,
series:original,
shoes,
short twintails,
shy,
sidelocks,
simple background,
slit pupils,
smile,
species:animal humanoid,
species:cat humanoid,
species:felid,
species:felid humanoid,
species:feline,
species:feline humanoid,
species:human,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:primate,
stading,
standing,
standing on one leg,
stockings,
tag source:e621,
tail,
tail accessory,
tail ornament,
tail ribbon,
thigh highs,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
tied hair,
twintails,
victorian clothes,
white background,
white footwear,
white hair,
year:10s,
yellow eyes,
young,
younger,
zettai ryouiki,