1 female,
1girl,
anger vein,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
between legs,
bikini,
bikini bottom removed,
blue eyes,
blurry,
blurry background,
blush,
booru:sankaku channel,
bottomless,
bow,
character:fudatsuki kyouko,
clavicle,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:red bikini,
clothing:red bow ornament,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:untied bikini,
clothing:white legwear,
collarbone,
creator:gustndi2000,
creator:note2000,
creator:xkzkrl,
depth of field,
fang,
fangs,
female,
flat chest,
forehead,
full body,
gender:female,
groin,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hair tie,
hand between legs,
korean,
loli,
long hair,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blurry background,
medium:depth of field,
medium:high resolution,
medium:korean language,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:korean commentary,
navel,
no shoes,
note2000,
open mouth,
parted bangs,
pettanko,
pixiv profile:4699044,
pixiv work:77891114,
ponytail,
pool,
poolside,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
red bikini,
red bow,
red swimsuit,
series:fudatsuki no kyouko-chan,
side-tie bikini,
sidelocks,
sitting,
solo,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
title:ふだつきのキョーコちゃん,
title:공지공지 공지공지,
untied,
untied bikini,
very long hair,
wariza,
water,
white hair,
white legwear,
ふだつきのキョーコちゃん,
裸ビキニトップ&ニーソ,