1girl,
1girls,
animal ears,
areola,
areolae,
artist name,
artist:personalami,
asleep,
ass,
backlighting,
big ass,
big butt,
big_ass,
big_butt,
blush,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/1b/66/1b66c222614b25dbe0dba0f3966fbb25.jpg?e=1642188074&expires=1642188073&m=fenvrx54jx9uf5pnumycrq&token=okxwlesstk_yyvuecefrzqwxa3_mrj0oqn9ytsypyo8,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/1b/66/1b66c222614b25dbe0dba0f3966fbb25.jpg?e=1642514013&expires=1642514013&m=eq2uk4dmycmyxfadoagbuw&token=mki4ghdlueniy_weg3wacrcanjvhnna9ndd0gmy5isc,
booru:sankaku,
breasts,
butt,
character:losse (personal ami),
character:losse (personalami),
character:losse_(personalami),
closed eyes,
completely nude,
creator:personal ami,
creator:personalami,
english commentary,
eyebrows,
female,
female only,
female solo,
female_only,
fetal position,
flag for deletion,
fox ears,
fox girl,
fox tail,
fox_girl,
freckles,
genitals,
high resolution,
kemonomimi,
kitsunemimi,
legs together,
lips,
long hair,
losse,
losse (personal ami),
losse_(personalami),
lying,
medium:ambiguous background,
medium:backlighting,
medium:high resolution,
meta:anonymous,
meta:commentary,
meta:english commentary,
meta:hi res,
meta:hi_res,
meta:highres,
meta:uncensored,
neko shoujo & kemonomimi,
nipples,
nose,
nude,
on side,
original,
personal ami original,
personalami,
pillow,
pussy,
pussy peek,
rating:adult,
rating:contains female nudity,
rating:e,
rating:explicit,
rating:nudity,
rating:questionable,
rating:sexual content,
series:original,
site:rule34,
sleeping,
small breasts,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:animal_humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canid_humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canine_humanoid,
species:cat humanoid,
species:felid,
species:felid humanoid,
species:feline,
species:feline humanoid,
species:fox humanoid,
species:fox_humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mammal_humanoid,
subreddit:escapistporn,
subreddit:imaginarymonstergirls,
subreddit:immonsters,
tail,
thick eyebrows,
thighs,
title:losse by personalami (2021),
uncensored,
uploader:prismatika_on_tumblr,
vagina,
vagina peek,
white hair,