1:1,
2 males,
4 toes,
5 fingers,
10s,
2010,
<3,
age regression,
aged down,
ambiguous gender,
asian,
barefoot,
baseball cap,
bat wings,
big hands,
biped,
black body,
black fur,
black wings,
blue body,
blue fur,
blush,
booru:safebooru,
bottomwear,
bracelet,
buckteeth,
character:darmanitan,
character:hihidaruma,
character:koromori,
character:n (pokemon),
character:n (pokémon),
character:woobat,
character:zorua,
cheek tuft,
child,
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:legwear,
creator:tetsuo,
creator:し,
digital drawing (artwork),
digital media (artwork),
embrace,
eyebrows,
eyeless,
eyes closed,
eyeshadow,
facial markings,
facial tuft,
feet,
feral,
fingers,
fluffy,
fluffy tail,
flying,
footwear,
full-length portrait,
fur,
gen 5 pokemon,
gender:ambiguous,
gender:female,
gender:male,
green background,
green eyes,
green footwear,
green hair,
green shoes,
grey body,
grey clothing,
grey fur,
grey tail,
grin,
group,
hair,
happy,
hat,
head markings,
head tuft,
headgear,
headwear,
heart nose,
hi res,
humanoid feet,
humanoid hands,
jacket,
japanese,
jewelry,
kid,
light,
light body,
light skin,
lighting,
long hair,
looking at another,
looking up,
makeup,
markings,
mask (marking),
medium:digital media,
medium:green background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
membrane (anatomy),
membranous wings,
menger sponge,
meta:1:1,
meta:2010,
meta:digital drawing (artwork),
meta:digital media (artwork),
meta:full-length portrait,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:lighting,
meta:portrait,
multicolored body,
multicolored fur,
multiple boys,
multiple males,
neck tuft,
on lap,
open mouth,
open smile,
orange clothing,
pants,
pink nose,
plantigrade,
pokemon (creature),
ponytail,
portrait,
quadruped,
rating:safe,
red body,
red eyeshadow,
red fur,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon black & white,
series:pokemon black and white,
series:pokemon bw,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon black & white,
shadow,
shirt,
shoes,
simple background,
sitting,
size difference,
smile,
snout,
species:ape,
species:bat,
species:canid,
species:canine,
species:chiropteran,
species:darmanitan,
species:generation 5 pokemon,
species:haplorhine,
species:human,
species:mammal,
species:monster,
species:pokemon,
species:pokemon (species),
species:pokémon,
species:pokémon (species),
species:primate,
species:standard mode darmanitan,
species:woobat,
species:zorua,
square crossover,
standing,
studio:nintendo,
sweater,
tail,
tan body,
tan skin,
teeth,
thick eyebrows,
tied hair,
time paradox,
toes,
topwear,
tuft,
turtleneck,
video games,
void cube,
white clothing,
wings,
year:2010,
young,
younger,