1 female,
1girl,
\m/,
adjusting clothes,
adjusting swimsuit,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
animal tail,
artist:corin,
ass,
bikini,
bikini bottom,
bikini top,
bikini_bottom,
bikini_top,
blue sky,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:yande.re,
breasts,
butt,
character:caster tamamo-no-mae,
character:caster_tamamo-no-mae,
character:tamamo (fate),
character:tamamo (fate) (all),
character:tamamo cat (fate),
character:tamamo no mae,
character:tamamo no mae (fate),
character:tamamo no mae (fate/extra),
cleavage,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:swimsuit,
cloud,
cloudy sky,
copyright:fate_(series),
creator:corin,
creator:neko lu (wofud453),
creator:wofud453,
creator:るねこ,
cute fangs,
cute_fangs,
day,
ears,
erect nipples,
fang,
fangs,
female,
fgo,
fox ears,
fox girl,
fox shadow puppet,
fox tail,
gender:female,
hair,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hair:pink hair,
kitsune,
kitsunemimi,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
looking back at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
looking_back,
looking_back_at_viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:2019,
meta:absurd_res,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary,
meta:commentary request,
meta:hi_res,
meta:highres,
nature,
nipples,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
outdoors,
outside,
palm leaf,
palms,
pink hair,
pink_hair,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red bikini,
red ribbon,
red swimsuit,
ribbon,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/extra,
series:fate/grand order,
sky,
smile,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:animal_humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canid_humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canine_humanoid,
species:fox,
species:fox humanoid,
species:fox_humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mammal_humanoid,
swimsuit,
swimsuits,
swimwear,
tail,
thong,
tied hair,
title:hidden knowledge [touhou],
title:タマモキャットビキニ,
water,
wet,
たまも,
タマモキャット,
ビキニ,
尻神様,