1 female,
1girl,
;),
<3,
artist:bubukka,
bare shoulders,
bare_shoulders,
bat wings,
bat_wings,
bikini,
bikini bottom removed,
bikini tan,
bikini_bottom_removed,
bikini_lift,
bikini_tan,
blackbar,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
blue_eyes,
blue_hair,
blush,
booru:atfbooru.ninja,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:nijie.info,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
character:koakuma,
character:touhara asuha,
character:touhara_asuha,
cleft of venus,
cleft_of_venus,
closed mouth,
clothed,
clothes lift,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini bottom,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:lowleg bikini,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:tagme,
clothing:untied bikini,
collarbone,
copyright:lotte no omocha!,
creator:blackbar,
creator:bubukka,
creator:ぶぶっか,
dark skin,
dark-skinned female,
demon tail,
demon_tail,
dressing,
face:;),
female,
female focus,
female only,
female solo,
female_focus,
flat chest,
flat chested,
flat chested female,
flat-chested and hairless,
flat_chest,
gender:female,
genitalia,
genitals,
genre:loli,
groin,
guro,
gynomorph,
hair tie,
heart,
heart symbol,
invitation,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
lowleg,
lowleg bikini,
matching hair/eyes,
matching_hair_eyes,
medium:2d art,
medium:focus on female character,
medium:simple background,
medium:speech bubble,
medium:uncensored,
medium:white background,
meta:ai generated,
meta:commentary request,
meta:contentious content,
meta:explicit content,
meta:nsfw,
meta:uncensored,
monster,
mound of venus,
navel,
nipples,
not furry,
one eye closed,
one_eye_closed,
orange bikini,
partially clothed,
pettanko,
pixiv profile:2915585,
pixiv work:42392160,
pixiv.net,
point of view,
pov,
pussy,
r-18,
rating:adult,
rating:e,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
series:lotte no omocha!,
series:lotte_no_omocha!,
series:touhou,
short hair,
short_hair,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
side-tie_bikini,
simple background,
simple_background,
site:aibooru,
small breasts,
smile,
solo,
solo female,
solo gynomorph,
species:demon,
species:humanoid,
species:succubus,
speech bubble,
speech_bubble,
spoken heart,
spoken_heart,
standing,
stomach,
suntan,
swimsuit,
swimsuit lift,
swimwear,
tail,
tan,
tan lines,
tanline,
tanlines,
tanned,
thigh gap,
thigh_gap,
tied hair,
title:明日葉6,
top lift,
touhara asuha,
twin tails,
twin_tails,
twintails,
uncensored,
undressing,
untied,
untied bikini,
untied bikini bottom,
untied_bikini,
vagina,
white background,
white_background,
wings,
wink,
young,
♥,
すじ,
つるぺた,
アスタロッテのおもちゃ!,
アスタロッテのおもちゃ！,
ロリ,
塔原明日葉,
日焼け,
日焼け跡,
明日葉,
極上の貧乳,
淫魔,
誘ってやがる,