2 females,
2girls,
:3,
ass,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
black swimsuit,
blue sky,
blurry,
blurry background,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/72/83/72836c2bc06bcc9d8406e7fcb396aa31.jpg?e=1648958852&expires=1648958851&m=h7jio5muajdds5jaapyldw&token=czcxvykuk4s2lqqlyi_ugqfjowsjbsqjysn5xgtpsts,
booru:sankaku channel,
bow,
breasts,
brown hair,
character:misaka mikoto,
character:shirai kuroko,
clavicle,
closed mouth,
clothing,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white bow,
cloud,
collarbone,
competition swimsuit,
covered navel,
creator:pixiv id 2232374,
creator:raika9,
day,
depth of field,
duo,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::3,
female,
gender:female,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hand up,
hands on hips,
hips,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blurry background,
medium:depth of field,
medium:high resolution,
medium:large filesize,
medium:official style,
medium:scan,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:partial commentary,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:scan,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
one-piece swimsuit,
outdoors,
outside,
parted bangs,
pixiv id 2232374,
racerback swimsuit,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
series:to aru kagaku no railgun,
series:to aru majutsu no index,
series:toaru kagaku no railgun,
series:toaru majutsu no index,
short hair,
sky,
small breasts,
stomach,
swimsuit,
tied hair,
title:スクミズミコクロ,
twintails,
water,
white bow,
とある1000users入り,
とある5000users入り,
とある科学の超電磁砲,
とある魔術の禁書目録,
学校指定水着,
御坂美琴,
白井黒子,
競泳水着,