1 female,
1girl,
armwear,
artist:nazu-na,
bare shoulders,
bat wings,
black clothing,
black legwear,
black thighhighs,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:atfbooru.ninja,
booru:e621,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
camel toe,
cameltoe,
chair,
character request,
character:character request,
character:succubus,
cleft of venus,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:corset,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:garter straps,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:panties,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white clothing,
clothing:white gloves,
clothing:white panties,
copyright:original,
corset,
cp,
cream,
creator:cream,
creator:nazu-na,
creator:ナズナ,
curtains,
demon,
demon girl,
ears,
elbow gloves,
female,
female focus,
female only,
female solo,
flat chest,
furniture,
garter straps,
gender:female,
gender:male,
gloves,
guro,
hair,
handwear,
hentai,
hi res,
high resolution,
highres,
humanoid,
humanoid pointy ears,
legs,
legwear,
lingerie,
loli,
lolicon,
lolita,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:high resolution,
medium:jis-b5 (120dpi),
medium:photoshop,
medium:photoshop (medium),
membrane (anatomy),
membranous wings,
meta:commentary request,
meta:contentious content,
meta:explicit content,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:nsfw,
meta:original character,
meta:photoshop (medium),
milk,
milk on thighhighs,
monster,
nipples,
not furry,
open mouth,
original,
original 3000 users bookmark,
original character,
panties,
pantsu,
parted lips,
pettanko,
photoshop,
pixiv,
pixiv work:36788045,
pointed ears,
pointy ears,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
series:original,
series:windows,
sexually suggestive,
sitting,
small breasts,
solo,
solo female,
source:pixiv,
species:demon,
species:humanoid,
species:succubus,
spilled milk,
spread legs,
spreading,
studio:pettanko,
succubus,
suggestive fluid,
tag source:e621,
tagme:character,
tail,
tears,
thigh highs,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
title:我が家のロリサキュバス,
topless,
topwear,
underwear,
urine,
urine stain,
white clothing,
white gloves,
white handwear,
white panties,
white underwear,
window,
windows,
wings,
young,
謎の白い液体,
透けぱんつ,
長手袋,