1 female,
1girl,
armlet,
arms behind head,
arms up,
bikini,
black hair,
blue eyeshadow,
blue hair,
breasts,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:rurina (pokemon),
cleavage,
clothing:armlet,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
collar,
creator:yukito (dreamrider),
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
dark-skinned multicolored-haired,
earrings,
erect nipples,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyeliner,
eyepatch bikini,
eyeshadow,
female,
gem,
gender:female,
gym leader,
hair bun,
heart,
hoop earrings,
jewelry,
language:japanese,
large breasts,
long hair,
makeup,
medium:2d art,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:japanese language,
medium:japanese text,
medium:simple background,
medium:text,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
micro bikini,
midriff,
multicolored hair,
navel,
necklace,
nipples,
pixiv id 878905,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rurina,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pok√©mon,
shiny,
shiny hair,
shiny skin,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
single hair bun,
smile,
solo,
splashing,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
subreddit:rule34_albums,
swimsuit,
tan lines,
text,
tied hair,
two tone hair,
two-tone bikini,
two-tone hair,
underboob,
water,
white background,