1 female,
1girl,
aqua eyes,
aqua hair,
armband,
armlet,
bare shoulders,
belly chain,
bikini,
black hair,
blue eyes,
blue hair,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bra,
breasts,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:rurina (pokemon),
choker,
clothing:armlet,
clothing:bra,
clothing:choker,
clothing:crop top,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short shorts,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:sleeveless shirt,
clothing:sports bra,
clothing:sportswear,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:tank top,
clothing:underwear,
creator:mo-1000,
creator:pixiv id 568261,
creator:sakidoro,
creator:さきどろ＠お仕事募集中,
crop top,
dark blue hair,
dark skin,
dark-skinned female,
earrings,
exposed shoulders,
eyeliner,
eyeshadow,
female,
gender:female,
gloves,
gym leader,
gym shorts,
hair jewelry,
hair ornament,
holding,
holding object,
holding poke ball,
holding poké ball,
hoop earrings,
jewelry,
large breasts,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
makeup,
medium:high resolution,
meta:highres,
midriff,
mo-1000,
multicolored hair,
navel,
necklace,
partially fingerless gloves,
partly fingerless gloves,
piercing,
poke ball,
poke ball (basic),
poke ball (generic),
pokemon character,
poké ball,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
shirt,
short shorts,
shorts,
single glove,
sleeveless,
sleeveless shirt,
solo,
spats,
sports bra,
sportswear,
stomach,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank top,
tankini,
tight shorts,
title:ルリナ,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
underwear,
water,
wristband,
おへそ,
ポケットモンスター,
ポケモン,
ポケモン1000users入り,
ポケモン剣盾,
ルリナ,