3 females,
3girls,
:d,
anthropomorphism,
anthropomorphization,
back,
bangs,
bikini,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue bikini,
blue eyes,
blue sky,
blueberry hair ornament,
blueberry_hair_ornament,
blush,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
braid,
breasts,
brown eyes,
cherry hair ornament,
cherry_hair_ornament,
child,
cleavage,
closed mouth,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:front-tie top,
clothing:hair bobbles,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:yellow bikini,
cloud,
cloudy sky,
cowtits,
creator:summer,
creator:tsukumi,
creator:yurikuta tsukumi,
creator:yurikuta_tsukumi,
crown braid,
cup,
day,
drinking straw,
earrings,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::d,
female,
floral print,
food themed hair ornament,
food-themed hair ornament,
food_themed_hair_ornament,
foreshortening,
frilled bikini,
frills,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie bikini top,
front-tie top,
frown,
garrison cap,
gender:female,
grape hair ornament,
grape_hair_ornament,
green bikini,
green eyes,
green sarong,
green_sarong,
grey hair,
hair bobbles,
hair ornament,
holding,
holding cup,
holding innertube,
holding_innertube,
innertube,
jewellery,
jewelry,
large breasts,
lavender hair,
leaning,
leaning forward,
leaning to the side,
leaning_to_the_side,
light blush,
light frown,
light purple hair,
light_blush,
light_frown,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium breasts,
medium:1:1 aspect ratio,
medium:2d art,
medium:high resolution,
medium:pov,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:photoshop (medium),
multi-strapped bikini,
multi-strapped_bikini,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
muscat,
navel,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
outdoors,
outside,
parted lips,
personification,
pixiv id:54441,
pixiv work:64156572,
point of view,
pov,
print bikini,
print swimsuit,
print_bikini,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
reaching out,
reaching towards viewer,
sarong,
series:original,
sky,
smile,
stomach,
summer,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
title:マスカットさんとブルーベリーさんとさくらんぼちゃん,
transparent,
twin tails,
twintails,
yellow bikini,
yellow swimsuit,
young,