1 female,
1girl,
2017,
:d,
^ ^,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
animal tail,
artist:tachimi (basue),
ball,
bangs,
beach,
beach ball,
beachball,
blue sky,
blush,
bob cut,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown hair,
camel toe,
child,
clip studio paint,
clipstudiopaint,
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:collar,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:tagme,
clothing:tied shirt,
clothing:wet clothes,
clothing:white shirt,
cloud,
collar,
collar (animal),
commentary request,
copyright:original,
cowboy shot,
creator:basue,
creator:tachimi,
creator:tachimi (basue),
creator:tachimi_(basue),
creator:たちみ,
curled tail,
day,
detailed background,
dog ears,
dog girl,
dog tail,
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyes closed,
face::d,
face:^_^,
facing viewer,
fang,
fangs,
female,
fluffy,
fluffy tail,
gender:female,
hair,
happy,
hi res,
highres,
holding,
holding ball,
holding object,
holding_ball,
inumimi,
light,
light body,
light skin,
loli,
medium breasts,
medium:2d art,
medium:high resolution,
meta:2017,
meta:commentary request,
meta:hi res,
meta:highres,
meta:original character,
ocean,
one-piece swimsuit,
open mouth,
original character,
outdoors,
outside,
pixiv illustration:63644798,
pixiv work:63644798,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red collar,
school swimsuit,
sea,
seaside,
see-through,
series:clip studio paint,
series:original,
shaking head,
shaking_head,
shirt,
short hair,
short sleeves,
sky,
smile,
solo,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:dog,
species:dog humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
standing,
studio:water drop,
sukumizu,
sunbeam,
sunlight,
swimsuit,
swimsuit under clothes,
swimsuit_under_clothes,
swimwear,
tail,
tied shirt,
tied_shirt,
title:もっとボール投げてっ,
topwear,
transparent,
underage,
water,
water drop,
wet,
wet clothes,
wet clothing,
wet shirt,
wet topwear,
wet_shirt,
white shirt,
year:2017,
young,
わん娘,
ビーチボール,
ボブカット,
八重歯っ娘,
裾結び,