6+ females,
6+girls,
;),
;o,
arms behind back,
arms behind head,
arms up,
arms_behind_back,
arms_behind_head,
arms_up,
ass,
ass visible through thighs,
ass_visible_through_thighs,
ball,
barefoot,
beachball,
bikini,
bikini skirt,
bikini_skirt,
black bikini,
black hair,
black swimsuit,
black_bikini,
black_hair,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blonde_hair,
blue bikini,
blue swimsuit,
blue_bikini,
blue_swimsuit,
blush,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
braid,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
brown_eyes,
brown_hair,
character:caroline (persona 5),
character:caroline_(persona_5),
character:justine (persona 5),
character:justine_(persona_5),
character:kawakami sadayo,
character:kawakami_sadayo,
character:lavenza,
character:lavenza (persona 5),
character:mifune chihaya,
character:mifune_chihaya,
character:tougou hifumi,
character:tougou_hifumi,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:orange bikini,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:striped bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:werkbau,
dated,
eyepatch,
face:;),
face:;o,
feet,
female,
flat chest,
flat_chest,
floral print,
floral_print,
full body,
full_body,
gender:female,
gluteal fold,
holding,
holding ball,
holding object,
holding_ball,
innertube,
interlocked fingers,
interlocked_fingers,
leaning,
leaning forward,
leaning_forward,
long hair,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
medium breasts,
medium:2:1 aspect ratio,
medium:dated,
medium:signature,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
medium_breasts,
meta:spoilers,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple_girls,
navel,
one eye closed,
one-piece swimsuit,
one-piece_swimsuit,
one_eye_closed,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
orange bikini,
orange_bikini,
pettanko,
pov,
print bikini,
print swimsuit,
print_bikini,
purple bikini,
purple eyes,
purple_bikini,
purple_eyes,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:persona,
series:persona 5,
series:persona_5,
series:shin megami tensei,
short hair,
short_hair,
siblings,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie_bikini,
signature,
simple background,
simple_background,
sisters,
small breasts,
small_breasts,
smile,
splatter,
spoilers,
stading,
standing,
standing on one leg,
standing_on_one_leg,
stomach,
striped,
striped bikini,
striped swimsuit,
striped_bikini,
studio:atlus,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thighs,
tied hair,
twins,
very long hair,
very_long_hair,
water,
water gun,
water_gun,
white background,
white_background,
wink,
yellow eyes,
yellow_eyes,