6+ males,
6+boys,
armor,
artist name,
artist:hellcross (dkrejd2000),
axe,
azhag the slaughterer,
azhag_the_slaughterer,
balthasar gelt,
balthasar_gelt,
battle axe,
battle_axe,
black eyes,
boris toddbringer,
boris_toddbringer,
cat ornament,
chain,
chainmail,
chains,
character:azhag the slaughterer,
character:balthasar gelt,
character:boris toddbringer,
character:gobbla,
character:grimgor ironhide,
character:karl franz,
character:skarsnik,
character:volkmar the grim,
character:wurrzag da prophet,
clenched teeth,
clothing:armor,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:hair tie,
confrontation,
copyright:total war,
copyright:total war: warhammer,
copyright:warhammer fantasy,
creator:dkrejd2000,
creator:hellcross (dkrejd2000),
crown,
crown of nagash,
empire (warhammer fantasy),
empire_(warhammer_fantasy),
eyepatch,
facial hair,
facial piercing,
fangs,
feathers,
fog,
full armor,
full_armor,
gender:male,
ghal maraz,
ghal_maraz,
gitsnik,
glowing,
glowing eyes,
gobbla,
goblin,
goblin (warhammer fantasy),
goblin_(warhammer_fantasy),
gold,
green eyes,
green skin,
greenskins (warhammer fantasy),
greenskins_(warhammer_fantasy),
griffin ornament,
griffin_ornament,
grimgor ironhide,
grimgor_ironhide,
grin,
headwear,
hellcross,
helmet,
horned helmet,
horned_helmet,
jewelry,
karl franz,
karl_franz,
knight,
male focus,
mask,
medium:artist name,
medium:focus on male character,
medium:high resolution,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:wallpaper,
monster,
multiple boys,
multiple males,
mustache,
nose piercing,
nose ring,
open mouth,
orc,
orc (warhammer fantasy),
orc_(warhammer_fantasy),
page:1,
pauldrons,
piercing,
pixiv work:66027051,
plate armor,
plate_armor,
plume,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
ring,
roaring,
robe,
scar,
scar across eye,
scar_across_eye,
scepter,
series:total war,
series:total war: warhammer,
series:total war:warhammer,
series:warhammer,
series:warhammer fantasy,
shaded face,
shaded_face,
sharp teeth,
skarsnik,
skull,
smile,
species:goblin,
species:orc,
spiked armor,
spiked robe,
spiked_armor,
spiked_robe,
spikes,
squig (warhammer),
squig_(warhammer),
studio:games workshop,
teeth,
tied hair,
title:mortalcampaign)empirevsgreenskin,
topknot,
total_war,
total_war:_warhammer,
tusks,
visor (armor),
visor lift,
visor_(armor),
visor_lift,
volkmar the grim,
volkmar_the_grim,
war hammer,
warhammer,
warhammer_fantasy,
warrior,
weapon,
white eyes,
wizard,
wurrzag da prophet,
wurrzag_da_prophet,
yellow eyes,