1 female,
1girl,
:d,
bangs,
big head,
big_head,
bikini,
black bikini,
black_bikini,
blue bow,
blue dress,
blue eyes,
blue footwear,
blue hair,
blue_bow,
blue_dress,
blue_eyes,
blue_footwear,
blue_hair,
blush,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:safebooru,
bow,
bow bikini,
bow_bikini,
character:yuuki chihiro,
character:yuuki_chihiro,
chibi,
clothes hanger,
clothes_hanger,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:dress,
clothing:frilled dress,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:puffy short sleeves,
clothing:puffy sleeves,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:white gloves,
clothing:white legwear,
creator:sapphire (sapphire25252),
creator:sapphire_(sapphire25252),
dress,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyebrows_visible_through_hair,
face::d,
frilled dress,
frilled_dress,
frills,
full body,
full_body,
gender:female,
gloves,
hair between eyes,
hair bow,
hair_between_eyes,
hair_bow,
heart,
heart symbol,
heart-shaped pupils,
heart-shaped_pupils,
holding,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
pleated dress,
pleated_dress,
pov,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
puffy_short_sleeves,
puffy_sleeves,
rating:adult,
rating:general,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
sapphire (sapphire25252),
series:nijisanji,
series:virtual youtuber,
short sleeves,
short_sleeves,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
side-tie_bikini,
simple background,
simple_background,
smile,
solo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
symbol-shaped pupils,
symbol-shaped_pupils,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
twin tails,
twin_tails,
twintails,
v-shaped eyebrows,
v-shaped_eyebrows,
virtual youtuber,
virtual_youtuber,
white background,
white gloves,
white legwear,
white thighhighs,
white_background,
white_gloves,
white_legwear,