2 females,
2girls,
ass,
black eyes,
blonde hair,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
breasts,
character:nogi sonoko,
character:yuuki yuuna,
clavicle,
closed mouth,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:school swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white ribbon,
collarbone,
creator:kawai ritsu (rits meg),
creator:rits (apud8788),
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
gender:female,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hand holding,
hand on another's waist,
head tilt,
holding hands,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
one-piece swimsuit,
pixiv profile:27790467,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red eyes,
red hair,
ribbon,
rits (apud8788),
sanshuu middle school swimsuit,
school swimsuit,
series:yuuki yuuna wa yuusha de aru,
series:yuusha de aru,
series:yuusha de aru (series),
short ponytail,
small breasts,
smile,
sukumizu,
swimsuit,
tank suit,
tied hair,
white ribbon,