1 female,
1girl,
aqua hair,
armband,
armlet,
arms at sides,
ass,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
black hair,
blue eyes,
blue gloves,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
character:gym leader,
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:rurina (pokemon),
character:rurina (pokémon),
clothing:armlet,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:fingerless gloves,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:sandals,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:short shorts,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:sports bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:tovio rogers,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
ear piercing,
earrings,
eyeliner,
facial piercing,
female,
fingerless gloves,
floating hair,
footwear,
from behind,
full body,
gender:female,
gloves,
grin,
gym leader,
hair bun,
holding,
holding object,
holding poke ball,
holding poké ball,
hoop earrings,
jewelry,
legs,
lips,
long hair,
long legs,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
makeup,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
multicolored hair,
piercing,
poke ball,
poké ball,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
sandals,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
shoes,
short shorts,
shorts,
sidelocks,
single glove,
single hair bun,
smile,
solo,
sports bikini,
standing,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tankini,
thighs,
tied hair,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
walking,
water,
white background,
wristband,