2 females,
2girls,
alternate costume,
alternative costume,
areolae,
ass,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
bewitching thighs,
black footwear,
black nails,
black one-piece swimsuit,
black swimsuit,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
bunny girl,
character:altera (fate),
character:rikka (mi mi ham),
clavicle,
closed mouth,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:high heels,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:leotard,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:pantyhose,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:stockings,
clothing:swimsuit,
collarbone,
colored nails,
competition swimsuit,
creator:mi mi ham,
creator:mi_mi_ham,
creator:mimiham,
creator:みみはむ＠mi_mi_ham,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
fate/go100users入り,
female,
female:bride,
female:wet clothes,
fingernails,
footwear,
frown,
full body,
garter belt,
gender:female,
goggles,
goggles on head,
heels,
high heels,
highleg,
highleg leotard,
highleg swimsuit,
large areolae,
large ass,
large breasts,
legs,
legwear,
leotard,
maid,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:twitter username,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:highres,
meta:twitter username,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
nail polish,
one-piece swimsuit,
page:26,
pink eyes,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
series:fate,
series:fate (series),
series:fate/grand order,
series:original,
shoes,
silver hair,
simple background,
small breasts,
solo focus,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
thighs,
twitter username,
white background,
アルテラ,