2 females,
2d,
2girls,
animal ear fluff,
animal ears,
animal tail,
anime,
anime girls,
artwork,
bikini,
black hair,
blue bikini,
blue eyes,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:https://v.sankakucomplex.com/data/1e/c0/1ec05566139042ae3326e7fe71aa9189.jpg?e=1652526352&expires=1652526352&m=-oxilruv9-b60npa5cowaq&token=ohh9_fti_5n5qfsnp-jiwvlf6x8qyqpqmgtsjck85ne,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
cat ears,
cat tail,
character:konno junko,
character:mizuno ai,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:sailor uniform,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:side-tie bikini,
clothing:swimsuit,
creator:mel,
creator:mel (melty pot),
ears,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
gender:female,
hair between eyes,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
interlocked fingers,
kemonomimi mode,
loli face,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
low twintails,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
neko ears,
nekomimi,
open mouth,
page:2,
pixiv work:76135771,
point of view,
portrait display,
pov,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
ribbon,
school uniform,
schoolgirl uniform,
series:zombie land saga,
series:zombieland saga,
short hair,
side-tie bikini,
side-tie bikini bottom,
silver hair,
simple background,
small breasts,
smile,
standing,
stomach,
string bikini,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tail,
tied hair,
title:猫耳純愛ちゃん,
twintails,
uniform,
vertical,
white hair,
zombie 3 / ai mizuno,
zombie 4 / junko konno,
セーラー服,
ゾンビランドサガ,
ゾンビランドサガ100users入り,
ゾンビランドサガ1000users入り,
水着,
水野愛,
猫耳,
百合,
純愛コンビ,
紺野純子,