2 females,
2girls,
aliasing,
anime,
anime girls,
armwear,
ass,
back,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
bed,
bikini,
bikini top,
black bikini,
black choker,
black footwear,
black hair,
black skirt,
black swimsuit,
blonde hair,
blush,
book,
booru:danbooru,
booru:konachan.com,
booru:lolibooru,
booru:lolibooru.moe,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:yande.re,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
choker,
closed mouth,
clothes lift,
clothes pull,
clothing,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini top,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:choker,
clothing:detached sleeves,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:high heels,
clothing:miniskirt,
clothing:panties,
clothing:puffy short sleeves,
clothing:puffy sleeves,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:short sleeves,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:underwear,
clothing:white gloves,
clothing:white legwear,
clothing:white panties,
clothing:wrist cuffs,
creator:kurutsu,
creator:mainon08,
creator:sabet (young ouo),
creator:sabet_(young_ouo),
creator:桃餅@3日目西m01b,
dark hair,
detached sleeves,
duo,
elbow gloves,
female,
footwear,
gender:female,
genre:loli,
gloves,
golden eyes,
hair ornament,
hand mirror,
headdress,
headwear,
heels,
high heels,
legs,
lingerie,
loli,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
lying,
lying on bed,
maid,
maid bikini,
maid headdress,
maid_bikini,
medium:high resolution,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:contentious content,
meta:highres,
miniskirt,
mirror,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
no socks,
on bed,
on side,
on stomach,
one side up,
page:2,
panties,
pantsu,
pillow,
pixiv profile:11927769,
pixiv work:75568918,
pov,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
sabet,
see through,
see-through,
series:banned artist,
series:original,
shoes,
short hair,
short sleeves,
skirt,
skirt lift,
skirt pull,
small breasts,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thighs,
title:maids,
underwear,
white gloves,
white legwear,
white panties,
white pantsu,
white underwear,
wrist cuffs,
wristwear,
x hair ornament,
yellow eyes,
young,