2 females,
2girls,
action:open mouth,
action:smile,
angry,
armwear,
bangs,
bikini,
biribiri,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blush,
bodily fluids,
bodypart:blonde hair,
bodypart:blushing cheeks,
bodypart:breasts,
bodypart:brown eyes,
bodypart:brown hair,
bodypart:hair bangs,
bodypart:large breasts,
bodypart:navel,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:yellow eyes,
booru:danbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
character:misaka mikoto,
character:shokuhou misaki,
clavicle,
cleavage,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:white gloves,
clothing:white handwear,
collarbone,
creator:isshi pyuma,
creator:puma (hyuma1219),
duo,
elbow gloves,
electricity,
emotion:anger,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
female:2,
female:2+,
frilled bikini,
frilled swimsuit,
frills,
front-tie bikini,
front-tie top,
gender:female,
gloves,
golden eyes,
hair ornament,
halterneck,
large breasts,
long hair,
looking at another,
medium:mobile wallpaper,
medium:phone wallpaper,
medium:star,
medium:twitter username,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:commentary request,
meta:md5 mismatch,
meta:tagme,
midriff,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
open mouth,
pink bikini,
pink swimsuit,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
series:to aru kagaku no railgun,
series:to aru majutsu no index,
series:toaru kagaku no railgun,
series:toaru majutsu no index,
short hair,
smile,
star,
star (symbol),
star-shaped pupils,
stomach,
studio:star,
sweat,
sweatdrop,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
symbol-shaped pupils,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
twitter username,
v-shaped eyebrows,
vein pop,
white gloves,
white handwear,
yellow eyes,