1 female,
1girl,
:d,
@ @,
@_@,
apron,
armwear,
bangs,
bikini,
black bikini,
black bow,
black panties,
black underwear,
blue eyes,
blush,
booru:sankaku channel,
bow,
bow panties,
breasts,
character:rozaliya olenyeva,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black panties,
clothing:black swimsuit,
clothing:black underwear,
clothing:bow panties,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:puffy short sleeves,
clothing:side-tie panties,
clothing:waist apron,
clothing:white apron,
clothing:white legwear,
collarbone,
colored eyelashes,
creator:litsvn,
earrings,
elbow gloves,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::d,
face:@_@,
frilled apron,
frills,
garter belt,
gender:female,
gloves,
hair between eyes,
hair bow,
heart,
heart earrings,
honkai impact 3rd,
horn,
horns,
jewelry,
lifted by self,
long hair,
maid headdress,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meta:highres,
nose blush,
open mouth,
page:2,
panties,
pink hair,
puffy short sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
rating:mature,
rozaliya olenyeva,
rozaliya olyenyey,
series:guns girlz,
series:honkai (series),
series:honkai impact 3,
series:honkai impact 3rd,
short eyebrows,
short sleeves,
side-tie,
side-tie panties,
simple background,
single horn,
small breasts,
smile,
solo,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tail,
thick eyebrows,
thighhighs,
trembling,
underwear,
untying,
very long hair,
waist apron,
wavy mouth,
white apron,
white background,
white gloves,
white legwear,
たくしあげ,
ガーターベルト,
ロザリア・アーリン,
崩壊3rd,
紐パン,