1 female,
1girl,
ahoge,
arm strap,
armpits,
arms up,
bangs,
bare hips,
belt,
between breasts,
bikini,
black bikini,
black footwear,
black swimsuit,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku channel,
boots,
breasts,
capelet,
character:hoshino kirara,
clavicle,
cleavage,
closed mouth,
clothing:belt,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:black bikini,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:boots,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:miniskirt,
clothing:pleated skirt,
clothing:red ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:thigh boots,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:white capelet,
clothing:white skirt,
collarbone,
copyright name,
creator:amaneko,
creator:ryouma (galley),
dokyuu hentai hxeros,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
female,
footwear,
gender:female,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hips,
large breasts,
leg up,
looking at viewer,
magical girl,
medium:2d art,
medium:copyright name,
medium:cover,
medium:cover page,
medium:official art,
meta:official art,
meta:photoshop (medium),
miniskirt,
navel,
nose blush,
one side up,
orange eyes,
page:1,
pixiv work:77595211,
pleated skirt,
pov,
raised leg,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
red ribbon,
revealing cutout,
revealing layer,
ribbon,
series:dokyuu hentai hxeros,
short hair,
skirt,
smile,
solo,
stading,
standing,
standing on one leg,
stomach,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
thigh boots,
thigh gap,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
title:エグゼロス8巻発売中！！！！！！！,
underboob,
watch,
white capelet,
white skirt,
wristwatch,