1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
bangs,
bare knees,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
bikini,
blonde hair,
blue background,
blue eyes,
blush,
bodily fluids,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:sankaku,
bracelet,
breast squeeze,
breasts,
character:princess peach,
clavicle,
cleavage,
close-up,
clothing,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:necklace,
collarbone,
creator:white-stew,
crown,
earrings,
feet,
female,
female only,
footwear,
gender:female,
headwear,
heart,
heart symbol,
heart-shaped pupils,
jewelry,
knees,
large breasts,
legs,
long hair,
medium breasts,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:blue background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:multiple views,
medium:simple background,
medium:speech bubble,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:2020,
meta:absurd res,
meta:absurdres,
meta:blue background,
meta:highres,
meta:multiple views,
meta:pose,
meta:simple background,
meta:white background,
multiple views,
navel,
necklace,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
peace sign,
pearl necklace,
piercing,
pink bikini,
pink swimsuit,
pose,
princess,
raised leg,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
sandals,
sarong,
series:mario (series),
series:nintendo,
series:super mario bros.,
series:super mario brothers,
series:super mario odyssey,
shoes,
simple background,
slippers,
smile,
solo,
spoken heart,
stading,
standing,
standing on one leg,
stomach,
studio:nintendo,
sweat,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
symbol-shaped pupils,
teeth,
thighs,
toes,
tongue,
upper teeth,
upper teeth only,
v,
wet,
white background,
wink,