1 female,
1girl,
(9),
:d,
= =,
=_=,
> o,
adapted costume,
alternate hairstyle,
ball,
beachball,
bikini,
blue bikini,
blue bow,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
bow,
breasts,
character:cirno,
character:hinanawi tenshi,
character:kazami yuuka,
character:kochiya sanae,
character:komeiji koishi,
chibi,
china dress,
chinese clothes,
circled 9,
cirno (cosplay),
cleavage cutout,
clothing cutout,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:blue bikini,
clothing:china dress,
clothing:chinese clothes,
clothing:detached sleeves,
clothing:dress,
clothing:hair bow,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:japanese clothes,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:wet clothes,
cosplay,
creator:osashin (osada),
detached sleeves,
dress,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
face::d,
frilled bikini,
frills,
frog hair ornament,
gender:female,
green hair,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hat,
hinanawi tenshi (cosplay),
ice,
ice wings,
japanese clothes,
kazami yuuka (cosplay),
komeiji koishi (cosplay),
large bow,
long hair,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:white background,
meme:â‘¨,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
meta:long image,
meta:wide image,
miko,
miniskirt,
multiple views,
one eye closed,
open mouth,
ponytail,
race queen,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
sarong,
series:touhou,
simple background,
skirt,
smile,
snake hair ornament,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
third eye,
tied hair,
transparent background,
variations,
wet,
wet clothes,
white background,
wings,
yellow eyes,