1 female,
1girl,
:d,
:o,
alternate costume,
alternate hairstyle,
alternative costume,
alternative hairstyle,
aqua eyes,
argyle,
argyle background,
asymmetrical bangs,
asymmetrical hair,
bangs,
bare arms,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
bikini,
black bikini,
black choker,
black hair,
black jacket,
black swimsuit,
blush,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brushing hair,
character:gen 8 pokemon,
character:marnie (pokemon),
character:mary (pokemon),
character:morpeko,
character:morpeko (full),
character:multiple persona,
character:pokemon species,
choker,
clavicle,
cleavage,
closed mouth,
clothing:black jacket,
clothing:dress,
collarbone,
comb,
combing,
creator:minatoasu,
dress,
earrings,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
eyes closed,
face::d,
face::o,
feet,
female,
gen 8 pokemon,
gender:female,
hair brushing,
hair down,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
jacket,
jewelry,
long hair,
long sleeves,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
medium hair,
medium:argyle background,
medium:multiple views,
medium:purple background,
medium:simple background,
meta:commentary request,
meta:multiple views,
multiple views,
necklace,
nightwear,
open clothes,
open jacket,
open mouth,
open-mouth smile,
pajamas,
piercing,
pink dress,
point of view,
pokemon (creature),
pov,
purple background,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
red ribbon,
ribbon,
see-through,
see-through silhouette,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
shirt,
side bangs,
single earring,
sleeveless,
sleeveless dress,
small breasts,
smile,
straight hair,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
summer dress,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
twintails,
white dress,