1 female,
1girl,
ass,
bare arms,
bare knees,
bare legs,
bare shoulders,
barefoot,
bikini,
blue eyes,
blue one-piece swimsuit,
blue swimsuit,
blush,
booru:danbooru,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:rule34.xxx,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown eyebrows,
brown hair,
character:watanabe you,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:competition swimsuit,
clothing:one-piece swimsuit,
clothing:swimsuit,
competition swimsuit,
creator:artist request,
creator:kamegawara,
creator:kamegawara nikuo,
creator:亀瓦肉男,
eyebrows,
eyebrows visible through hair,
feet,
female,
full body,
gender:female,
highleg,
highleg leotard,
highleg swimsuit,
kamegawara nikuo,
kneepits,
knees,
legs,
leotard,
light brown eyebrows,
light brown hair,
long legs,
looking at viewer,
looking back,
love live! 1000 users bookmark,
medium breasts,
medium hair,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:white background,
meta:absurdres,
meta:commentary request,
meta:high resolution,
meta:highres,
meta:very high resolution,
meta:white background,
one-piece swimsuit,
orange hair,
point of view,
pool,
poolside,
pov,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:love live!,
series:love live! (series),
series:love live! sunshine!!,
short hair,
sideboob,
smile,
soles,
solo,
standing,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tank suit,
thong bikini,
tiles,
tiptoes,
title:渡辺曜ちゃん,
twisted torso,
two-tone swimsuit,
water,
wedgie,
white background,
プリケツ,